Ancient library 



Chapter 1

Name a book? 
Of any genre or author, doesn’t matter. If you do, the ancient library has it. Historical, political, academical, fictional- doesn’t matter. Name your book, she demands.
…………………………………………………………………………………

Laumen is walking through the corridors of the ancient library, tall rows of shelves surround him like a maze and the antic smell of books envelope him. He sees books at every angle, side and corner. His eyes study the book title and author name of the book neck, bringing out whichever one intrigues him. After a while, he puts them back and writes on his small notepad that he always carries around. 

The librarian suddenly appears from one of the corners, startling Laumen to gasp his pen tighter. “Are you looking for anything particular?” the librarian quires.
“No, I am simply looking through the catalogues and” Laumen looks up, the never-ending height of the shelves, the uncountable books staring at him, the dim candles melting away and the presence of something unreal hoovering over him like a ghost- “just exploring this historic sight”
“Well, you’ve been doing that for 3 days” the librarian insists, “if you wander through the forest of books, you will get lost. I have lost counts of the readers that were succumbed into the libraries heart.” She pauses, giving him a stern warning with her eyes and serious expression, “name the book you’re looking for so I can help you”
“a thousand nights at the moon” Laumen spits out the first words that comes to his head. “It would be great if you can find that for me”. the librarian mutters the title, recalling if she remembers any book like that. She lets out a defeated sigh and says “fine, if you get lost, that’s on you. Remember, the library bears no responsibility for the ignorant readers” her voice dropped low and ghostly as she again disappears into the corners of library. How does she always do that?

There is no such book as “thousand nights at the moon” – at least not one that Laumen knows of. So, he was hoping this would give him more time for his mission. He pulls out his map and chalk, puts his signature mark on the corner of the floor and proceeds along the guidance of the map. Further Laumen travels, the darker it gets, the golden light from the fireflies dissipates and the spaces become smaller and narrower. He brings out a torch to light the space Infront of him. He scrutinizes each syllable and words of the books title searching for any hint. Even though, the library is ancient with candles and old rugs laid on top of creaky wooden floorboards, the books never age. They are as if new, the pages carry a discrete smell and the pages feel fresh and clean, the cover art looks impeccable as ever. That’s the magic of the library. The light comes ominously, the source unknown. The library grants you light and paves the way, it whispers to you and hides it treasures from you. Laumen closes his eyes and thinks the same line that drive him to this place-

Knowledge is power, knowledge is here, come without fear. 
The books don’t lie, the fireflies never die, come here, my readers.
Read the words of mystics and kings. Find yourself and find the books and find out even more if your heart desires.

 The lines come from her mother. May her soul rest in peace. Blocking away the fear, Laumen steps to take himself towards another section when the librarian appears in front of her again.



Chapter 2

Apparently, the book exists: “thousand nights at the moon”. Lauman never heard of the author but here is what he managed to figure out, the author lives in a faraway galaxy, a billion lightyears from earth and goes by the name which he cannot spell but pronounce as ‘Tweta’. The book is an autobiography about how he travelled the space, his experience and what not until he is captivated by the moon. The book of the book follows as:

“Everything is beautiful, the atoms, the molecules, the animal, the burning planets and shooting comets. My life, it was a journey to explore beauty, to explore realms no one knew about, to uncover the greatest mysteries of the cosmos and I did so. There is not a corner of this universes of universe I did not travel to. Heck, I even went to earth, filled with humans, the lowest creatures. But while I was voyaging, I looked up the starry night against the palate of dark blue sky and saw her, The Moon.”  


This might be more interesting than I thought. It’s a turn for the better, a flying kiss from angels.  Lauman turns towards the librarian with a victorious smile. “Librarian, I need you to find every book of Tweta”. She gave a long sigh but could not turn down the request; it was her job. In a quite corner he sat, the place was round with old sofa bordering it, a low small dim chandelier, round wooden table with 5 chairs in the middle. There was ladder for climbing to higher shelves. For Lauman it felt like sitting inside a tall hollow tower waiting for a lover to rescue him. He wouldn’t be all incorrect. 

For the past 4 years or so, Lauman has dedicated his study towards the foundation of books and libraries. Some call it literature but not entirely accurate, for example: the books here are by authors from the past, future and present, from every other planet or universe. Did you imagine a cow writing a book about his journey and his story slaughter, well the library has it and its quite an awesome story. One of Lauman favorite books. Dark magicians and witches come here for forbidden books and so does some scientists, for a small prince. Sure, Lauman studies philosophy and literature and politics for 9 years in Harvard. It still didn’t give him what he wanted. Why he did everything he did, which your just about to read. 



Chapter 3: Tweta

  The 3 moons of the sky looked dull, for Tweta knew it wasn’t his moon. Not the round perfect ball of soft light he loved. The one he saw from earth. No matter how much he hates every single thing in earth from humans to bugs to food, he loved it for one thing. Yes, he blabbered in his “thousand nights at the moon”, how unsightly the earth looked but he missed it now. Now that he was in the galactic prison under the justice of celestial animals. He had a number of crimes; robbery, breaking the codes of traveler, falling in love with moon, burning public property, causing an economic disaster, making the stock market crash of planet Wedews exploring the forbidden areas of the ancient library- he didn’t regret any single one of it. And the celestial beings hated him for that. 

His cell was moderate, they were being very generous. It a square cube made with grey bricks, fire torches hang on the walls and his hands and legs are chained to the wall. For his exact location, it would in the middle of nowhere. In a universe far away from all the universe, in a remote place without stars or gas. All there was 3 guards- 3 moons. In all complete darkness, all Tweta did was- dream of his moon of course, duh.   
40 thousand years, 231 days and 2983 seconds has passed. 
89 million years, 21 days to go. 

Not that long, Tweta thinks. He can still go back, find his moon alive and sleep on top her till he dies. But until then, he must bear every second without her. Which is the biggest punishment for him, not presentment, not his legacy tarnished, not his books being vanished.

Tweta gazes outside the cell window, 3 ugly ass moons still staring at him. He spat on the floor and closed his eyes in disgust. Just when he was about to go to sleep, he feels it. His name has been called. 



Chapter 4

Lauman had to be faster. All this time, he was trying to find the doors and sign from the surface but it didn’t need to be that way! It would be a hundred years before he cracks the code and makes the library open its secret vaults. Thank you, librarian, thank you! He just needed someone who could take him to the source directly.
Someone like Tweta.
Spreading open the map on the table, he studies. He reads the “thousand nights at the moon” and finds somewhat hints or clue about the library. Its clear now he has been there. Tweta cracked the code and talked with the books, THE BOOK. He also very clearly portrayed how much he hates humans. I mean calling humans- worse than drunk monkeys- it’s something. 
The candles melt away and go back to their original length and keeps on melting away again. The clock stops ticking at some point and Lauman goes hungry and sleepy. He was midway through the book and his eyes become unbearably heavy, even worse, he cant make out the words. The ink blur and become watery, it lifts from the paper and the sentences spiral around his head. His head feels like its on a cloud or in the dead center of a sand storm: quite. The pages emit a soft golden glow and starts moving on its own. What?!

Lauman suddenly wakes up from his haze and abruptly falls backwards from his chair, the book rises, its pages turning quickly, shining even more. Then it rises slowly, a single beam of light from the middle of the room comes down from the heaven. He looks up to find the sky and a glowing blue star in the dead center.   
The book is being taken away by a celestial body!

No! No! No! 
This book might the only way for him to open the library and he can’t let that happen. He knows the library doesn’t want it to happen. The library treasures each book and author, its what keeps the library alive. Now was the time, he knew the library had to answer him now. 
Lauman jumps on the ladder and climbs up, his hands gripping one after another as his legs follows suit. He jumps on the 5th level where there was wooden floor. He runs along to the staircase, running as if there was bear behind him. He had to grab that book, no matter what!
 The rush made him trip a few steps slowing him down but he persisted. He looked at the book in midair, slowly ascending to the heavenly fire that will burn and not even leave ashes. This was the end, he couldn’t reach higher, this was the 19th level and the last one.  That’s when the shelves in the corner moves apart revealing a secret passage, some hidden candles light up and illuminating a dark space. He thinks not for a second before going up through the passage.

It was dark, suffocating and narrow but Lauman proceeded. Until he reached a blank end. Seriously! Was this a joke? His legs are sore from the running, his eyes blurry, not to mention his stomach being begging for a chicken-cheese sandwich. He wanted to throw up. Maybe he had to accept that library won’t open up to him. That he cant go to the deepest level and find the book his mother wrote. He stopped everything and sat down, defeated. Looking the walls enclosing him, he noticed, not all were same. Didn’t matter, the book was already taken and burned. Still, he got up and inspected the bricks. Colors differed; slight grey, white, dark grey.

His mother told him:
If you want to solve a puzzle, you must puzzle it first. Its not a puzzle unless you’re making it to be. Then she laughed.

he pressed the stone at the bottom left corner, it almost hid from his eye. It wasn’t a normal rectangle shape like other, it was irregular shape and fixated on the corner. As soon as pressed it, dust came down and he heard the ceiling shift. When he looked up, it was dark with a ladder coming downing down. He leaped and climbed up continuing his climbing, this time he couldn’t see anything. Everything was undistinguishable. 

When he reached the top, the book was still there. The library was holding it down with all its might. The words appeared in front of him again. The writing was bold, italic and hanging on the air.

Lauman took a deep breath. 
“tweta ayo cus vertrewogaj, tweta sihmara ewquar, tweata qwtesawr”



