As the rain poured out into the city like the punishment of a sin, I climbed out of my car and slipped into the basement of the residential building placed at the far end of the abandoned street whose construction was yet to be finished. The grey walls opposed all bright colors and the hard iron which was the foundation of the building was still uncemented. The moist earth underneath my black boots brought out the familiar addictive scent of the rain. Faint yet a long lasting impression on the heart and mind. Thunder clouds clashed in the grey cloudy sky as the flashes of gold lightning sprouted. The lousy attendant took his time opening the umbrella and thus from his incompetence, the right side of my suit was drenched along with the top of my head.

I pulled out a silk napkin from my inner pocket and pressed it lightly on my face, then removed my glasses, wiping the water away from the lens. After I was satisfied, I made my way deeper into the building till I found a dark staircase leading down. Turning on the flashlight, I took one step at a time around the circular slope. The walls had shelves where ornaments were placed such as small glass vases, decorative plates and other show pieces. When I reached the ground again, in front of me was an elevator, still functioning. Even though the place is an abandoned project site, everything sailed smoothly, the walls are clean and neat coated with a lovely off white paint and the electricity flowed gently like a river. 

I press the button. 

The elevator rises and welcomes me in like a trap waiting for the perfect bait. The mattress is red and the lights reflect off the polished metal. Someone is taking real good care of this place. I need to find them and tell them what a good job they are doing.

 I enter.

 The doors close in front of me slowly like a killer who caught his prey and wants to take his sweet time torturing before the inevitable painful death of the helpless victim. There were four buttons, one with the picture of love which was the lowest, the one on top contained the sign of a knife, the third was a wine cup and the first was just “g1”. I stood inside the tiny container which remained suspended and wondered. Is it better to fall from heaven and climb my way to my sky where I die or to take one step at a time to the depths of hell? 

Love it was, my final decision and destination.

 The elevator finally sang a tune as it descended to my doom, how perfect, delivering me to my dismay with the tunes of an angel weeping song. Suddenly the chorus broke and the elevator halted. The lights turned red and so did my world. 

“I see you but you don't see me. I seek you but you don't know me. I hate you but you love me. Who am I?” 

I did not wish to know how my fate would end if I answered this riddle wrong so I spinned the thinking gears inside my head. I did not notice a camera or a hidden microphone anywhere. Just what kind of technology are they using? I will need to call my friends to personally investigate my place after I'm done touring. 

“Prostitutes or as you may know them as the children of savannah” I answered 

The lights turned green for a second and then went back to normal like nothing happened. After five minutes of more descending down, the doors opened and immediately a white mist crawled in and masked my vision completely. I walked through the mist and found a table in front of me. Atop it was a black rectangular box with no label. After slowly opening it, I see a mask laid inside, completely black with white jewels stitched into them along with pearls and intricate lace patterns. Simple yet sharp. Whoever you are, you sensed my perfect style. Thank you. 

A note was there as well, black paper with gold writing, it said : 
“Dear guest, wear the mask and then enter our heaven where we picked the most beautiful flowers for you. We see you and we would love you to be here”

 After I concealed myself with the beautiful mask, I noticed a big black arrow on the table pointing south east. A hooded man wearing a dark red robe from head to toe appears, his identity and hands hidden. He turns towards the mist and enters, my footsteps follow his, the man leads me through the maze in the mist and disappears before my eyes again. Now in front of me is a wooden door. I place my hand on the cold metal knob and twist it, it's open. Before I put my foot in, I bring out my gun and shoot. 

Bang… 

A thud is heard by me only as the body drops in the mist. When I look down, the blood spreads as confirmation. Using my feet to tilt his face, I see another mask on his face, a white one with no expression and gaps for eyes only. I bent down and look at the face behind the mask, a white man in his fifties with lines on his face and icy blue eyes. Removing his robe, I find nothing surprising, he carried two guns and a knife, his communication device too. I take his life and cut all of his fingers one by one starting from the left pinkie. After I'm done, I place him in a corner so he doesn't startle the other guests. 

they don't enter the love room, the white man who greeted me does. Wearing his dark red robe, I stride just like he did. Saturated golden lights reflect on the walls also the beaded curtains, golden furniture and fancy cushions. It felt like stepping inside the chamber of an Egyptian queen. Potted pants stationed in the corners while some red candles burn with an interesting drowsy scent. Guests wearing suits and masks are conversing slowly and drinking wine from their cups, flowers among them tread carefully with platter on their hands, filling their cups to the brim of the moment they empty. Crystal chandeliers, thick Red Iranian carpet, peacock feathers on fans and beautiful patterned cloth barely hanging on the body. A stage was raised in the left corner where it was covered with silk red curtains. The show was about to begin. 

the lights turn off. Only the candles dare to stay lit. All heads turn and tilt to face the stage where the curtains slowly open. A person wearing a Japanese demon-like mask of colors red and white appears with a purple cello on hand. His performance begins by playing some famous tracks of ancient dead artists. The crowd stays indifferent, secretly glancing at their flowers while letting the music flow from one ear to another. Suddenly the man on the stage speaks, his voice neither soft or deep, a sultry tone induced with command of a navy. 

“On a sunny day, from a thousand years ago, savanna wore flower crowns with bird skulls. Her feet climbed the slender trees and the hardest rocks. Her meals of coconut juice and sweet fruits along with pig meat and crocodile skin. Her clan danced around the fire that reached the clouds, then the clouds rained and blessed the soil with harvest from where the baby pigs ate. So the cycle continues, the sun shines and the moons glow but not for long. 

On a night where the moon hid from the sky, a big ship perched on the bay of the islands. They trodden arrogantly and found Savannah asleep. They took a savanna and showed her the world, the towers, the food, the colors, the mountains and seas and countless beaches and volcanoes. When Savannah saw enough of the world, she fled to her island again. Told her people to gather on the top of the volcano where she had an important announcement to make. So her clan claimed the hot and humid mountain and saw a pool of thick orange fire. 

“Oh my people, a couple of years ago I was taken by some foreign people to tour the earth round. Hence I must say, you all must jump inside the fire for it is safer than the world outside.” Her clan was in outrage but that did not matter to Savannah. She would be the devil if needed and took their lives with her own hand, all alone. But our master saved her. Our master forgave her and sheltered her even after her hideous crime. Then we, the followers, are gifted with flowers- the offspring of savanna” 

the crowd clapped their hands, not too loud or quiet. The familiar chatter raised amongst the guests and the golden light sprayed out over the room. Suddenly I feel a strong hand over my mouth and momentarily darkness washes over me. Someone pulled me from my back into one of the rooms. When I open my eyes again, I am tied to a bed with ropes tied on all of my limbs. The walls had intricate patterns of gold and red, the pillow soft as if filled with features and the mattress almost alike but tougher. 

“I didn’t realize that flowers were so hostile to their guests” I said, waiting for them to slaw himself. 

a young man with fair lovely skin walks in front, his body full of hanging accessories from neck to waist, all dangling loosely and shining mischievously. Tied around his waist is shiny silk cloth and harem pants with long slits on the side. “Is your hair natural or do you also have a secret parlor here?”, I asked as I saw his silky purple hair that kissed his shoulders, long lustrous layers in clothes and hair, he sure made a good first impression. More to note are his glazed black eyes under his long eyelashes and naturally red plump lips. 

"You talk quite confidently for someone who could die this second”, his first ever sentence to me. 

“Why would I die?” I questioned curiously 
A disappointing smile appeared on his face, “ well you have to the dumbest spy I have ever come across then” 

“I am not a spy” I said while laughing at his statement, “I am just curious”.
 His expression turned unreadable, he took a long glance over at me and asked , “what's your name?” 

“Tell me yours first” I responded 
he signed and answered knowing I wont back down, “mine is Shardin, now will you tell me yours?”

 ”Well of course my dear Shardin, you can call me Hazel.” I smiled. For some reason, he grew angry and paced over to me, his hand carrying a dagger. I closed my eyes for impact but heard the ropes get sliced instead. I felt my limbs free from tension but before I could rejoice, a stronger force strangled my neck. My breath stopped as I felt my nerves tear, his black eyes staring at mine menacingly, strong hands pressing me down deeper and deeper into the bed. Tears pooled at the side of my eyes as I felt my heartbeat race across the roof. Suddenly he pulled away and sat down on me. 

“Listen here, hazel”, pronouncing my name as if it's a slur, “get out of here now and never show your face again. This is not some fun place, OK. I am done with all of you wanna be detectives” he said while sounding like his throat was full of thorns and broken glass. He sounded utterly disgusted. His body weight still placed on my stomach, I managed to get my words out. 

“Why did you stop?” I choked out and said as my throat still hurt. Shardin raised his eyebrows, perplexed so I spoke again to make myself clear, "I was this close to finishing. Why did you stop?”. Shardin looked down, a face with no expression, unpromptedly he tied his hands around my neck again. This time I felt death hugging my body. I was choked before but not like this. He could snap my neck in half if he applied just a bit more pressure. I grabbed his hands, not trying to stop him but just for the feeling, my toes arching and all, I let myself go completely. When he was done pouring his rage onto me, Shardin pulled his hands away from my neck. To his demise, I was still breathing. My speculation was right after all, he was a new flower, a noob. 

He signed out in frustration. All his force and slender muscles failed him. Shardin got up from me and walked towards the door, he looked back at me with his glaring eyes, "I better not see you here again. I will finish the job next time”. I looked at his back, looking at his body and felt like gazing at one of the finest statues done by Greek legends. All his golden body chains glinting in the dark from his armlet, bracer, collar ,waistbands and more. I weakly called out, “wait”, and to my surprise he stopped, “ where are the tissues?”. Shardin slammed the door without answering. Why was he mad again? I wondered.


