December 15, 2025
time : 1:35


The connection is gone again. For some reason, the network has been really awful these days, the movie paused every 2 minutes and watching it from a pirated site didn’t help either. So there was nothing else to do except stare at the motionless fan on the white ceiling while the loading circle went in infinite loops. Kushum just stared..and stared while laying under her thick floral winter blanket for something to happen. Anything at all. She would gladly welcome a monster from a horror movie for some company. The haunting girl who emerges from the TV screen, the scary clowns, the processed nuns from Catholic Churches or any other inhuman species (monster from stranger thing). Whoever dares to be beside her is welcome.

“Fuck it”, Kushum boldly says before tossing the blanket and sitting straight up. She cracks her back and other joints quickly. Sleep was a faraway dream so she might as well find some other way to pass the time till the network came back. After opening the fridge, Kushum realised that she wasn't the only thing that's empty inside. Her parent’s door was locked and her brother was sound asleep in his room snoring loudly.

Now it just occurred to her. Kushum can do anything. Her parents will not wake up and neither will her brother for a couple of hours no matter what. She was the only one awake. Suddenly she receives a SMS. Who could have possibly text her now? She is quite friendless and loveless in the current phase of her life.

buzz..

Opening her phone, she recognizes the number immediately even if there was no name tag. It was her childhood friend that she still goes to college with. Kushum felt a sense of happiness and a tug at her stomach seeing the notification. Yes, he always views her Instagram and Facebook stories and likes each post on her account but that was…normal friend stuff? The few shared eye contacts in halls that felt too long to be unintentional didn't help because it made butterflies fly in her stomach. Friends, yes, FRIENDS! This series of thoughts burst out just from seeing the notification that she forgot to even open the message, only the second SMS brought her to reality.

”hey, Kushum, don’t be scared but come downstairs” , sent at 1:40 ”I know you're awake.”
Curiosity gets the best of her. Kushum knew this was dumb..very dangerous even but she couldn't resist. Just another glimpse of him, is this the universe arranging them together. She sneakily closes the main door without making a single sound and goes down the stairs. The cold wind made the hair on her body stand, white snowy walls and the light reflecting off the tiles made the entire complex feel eerie. The silence was too loud. She slowly descends. Was it just a prank? There is no one here. In the ground floor, there is just one guard sleeping on his chair while his mini fan makes noise. She goes just beyond the gates to see the empty street, the subtle movement of the branches and a tiny moon in the sky. Suddenly
 
two hands grab her from behind trapping her arms and before she could scream, a hand was already on her mouth. Before her struggle began, Kushum saw his face illuminated by the soft glow of the moon. His thin lips, sharp jaws and those unmistakable brown eyes. She forgot that she was terrified a few seconds ago. The grip on her body loosens and she quickly paces backward to make some distance. Rakib speaks first, “hey”

hey??? Kushum thinks absurdly
calling her in the middle of the night to sneak outside and then just touching her like that now and he just says HEY???

”um hi” she replies
Before the awkwardness can settle, Rakib speaks up to clear the air between then.
“I know we don't talk a lot but we can start from now.” He says while ruffling his hair. “My parents went to Thailand for a business trip and I remember from middle school that your house was nearby and looks like memory is still sharp”

Kushum did not know how to feel. Remembering where she lived from a memory and then surprising her in the middle of the night, what could all this mean? She noticed his bike parked on the other side of the street. Now that they meet, Kushum thought, why not go for a short ride around the city. It was foolish but she was already out and he was in front of her almost like an open invitation begging to be received.

“So did you come here to just see me?” Kushum asks
”oh well, I mean”, Rakib thinks before answering, "I did not actually think you would come outside. But hey, why don't we go around the park and explore the city.”

Kushum smiled. Soon they were both on the bike zooming through the streets while the cold wind flowed through her hair. She hesitantly put her arms around him and leaned on his back as he sped through the empty bridge. The overhead streetlights shone on the black concrete as all the tall buildings around them were dimmed and asleep. From this high, the moon still chased their back, only a few neon signs shone.

“Exactly where are you taking me?” Kushum said with unease. She did not want to be too far away from home, after all, how many stupid decisions can she even make. The road he took was from the beautiful park to the main streets and to the bridge and then down and now into a more secluded street that she has never been in. Both sides were lined with dense grass, bushes and towering trees. At last, he stopped and beside them was a small 2 storey house. Bold Graffiti was all over the walls, the glass windows broken from throwing rocks, plastic wrappers and other garbage bordered it like a plague. Some parts of the building were broken with huge gaps in the walls. Even with all this damage, Mother Nature reclaimed it as it was dressed with ivy curling up to its ceiling while a few flowers bloomed on its cold plaster walls.

“How romantic,” Kushum says sarcastically while getting off, “so why did you bring me here” . “It’s a secret spot for a lot of my friends. They bring their girlfriends here you know, so that they don't get spotted-“ Rakib was cut off before he could finish.
“And I am your girlfriend??” Kushum asks with a glare in her eyes. “I mean no but-“
 
”exactly I’m not” Kushum says before she changed her tone completely again while striding towards the house.
Rakib grabs her hand from behind, “can you please not leave me behind, just calm down for a minute’
“Oh please, I’m completely calm” Kushum says with a sharp voice, flinging her hand away from his grip.
“No’, Rakib pauses for a while before he closes in on her again and lifts up her chin with his fingers. “You did not even let me finish my sentence”. Pinned against the wall, they lock eyes with each other without blinking and he says, “even when we were kids, you never listened to me, never listened to me, so I stopped trying. But now I know, if my words don't convince you, my actions surely will”. Kushum wanted to refute so badly and argue that she did in fact listen but all those perfect counter arguments melted away when his lips were suddenly locked on hers. Every word was sucked and swallowed out her mouth so much so she completely forgot what they were even talking about before this moment.

A minute later, he broke away from the kiss, smiling triumphantly like he won the biggest trophy. Rakib looked at her face, which was as red as it could get, looking away from him. “Are my actions clear now?”

Kushum gulped down and took a deep breath. She turned towards him all the way and gave him a hard push to have some space between them. Finally responding, “yes, your actions tell me that your a huge fucking pervert”.
’what no” Rakib sounds surprised, his smile now a frown, “it means that I love-“
‘Oh please, don't lie, you barely talk to me for a solid year and when your finally here, I thought its because you wanted to apologise and be better BUT NO”

Rakib tries to comfort her but that just makes her eyes tear up more. She continued with her broken voice “you just wanna have sex”

Rakib takes a few steps back with a startled look, ”what the hell, Kushum, please you know that's not the type of man I am, I would never do something like that” he says with confidence. Kushum just rubs away her tears and coughs out to speak clearly, “then why is a condom picking out of your back pocket.”

They both fall silent.

“It’s a misunderstanding” ‘sure it is’

Kushum storms into the abandoned house and locks herself in the first room she sees. She did not want to see him or hear him or even be near him. She felt nothing but disgust and hate for herself. There was a small bed and cabinet inside, one big wardrobe in the side with a wall mirror and a small table. She threw herself on the bed and closed her ears with the pillow to dull the sound of the door knocking and his annoying pleading voice.

The sleep she has been so longing for came only now by a sudden brute force down on her eyes. Soon her ears heard no more of his pleas and her body sank into the bed that somehow seemed as soft as luxury cushions.
 
Rakib pov:
Just how dumb can he be? After so many years he felt like he finally patched up the tear between them only to realise he severed it more. Why can't she just listen to him? Just once.

His knuckles started to hurt from knocking and it truly felt like she would not open until morning, maybe even never.

But suddenly he heard a click.
“Kushum?” He asks while turning the knob, “please, I'm sorry”. The door inches open as he takes a step forward. “ I would never do something like that. The condom was for my best friend. We made a bet actually.” Rakib laughed as he explained outside her door. “If he lost then he owed me a treat and if he won, he asked for me to confess my feelings and give him free condoms for a month. I know it doesn't sound real but you can ask-”

The door opens by itself, he thinks its Kushum finally allowing him but …where is she. The room has no window, cobwebs and debris infested every corner of the room and there was no sign of her. Rakib placed his hand on the bed, it was still warm as if someone slept here for a long time. He called out but then again when did she ever respond. He starts searching from the wardrobe, when he opens it, there are only blue patient coats inside. His eyes widened as he checked out every cloth, most of them had blood and yellow stains. Opening the bottom drawer he finds small socks and a mini diary. The first few pages were scribbles and repetitive circles with patterns looping themselves on top of another. As Rakib flips through the pages, he realises it forms a smooth animation. Someone here is trying to show something. As he flips from the first to last pages, the scene becomes clear. The model of a tall man gets stomped by big shadows as sticks are being used to impale him. His eyes are teary and bloodshot and in the next page his eyes are gone. Arms and legs outstretched in a bed, his chest opens, his ribs show and his heart torn. Him still breathing and muttering to himself in his pool of demonic sacrifice.

The diary drops on the floor. Rakib curses as his heart drops to his stomach and tightens. “What is this place?” How come he has never questioned himself about this. What happened here. He goes sprinting to the door but surprise surprise, it's locked. His body freezes, hands locked on the knob, a hiss sound behind his ear and a big looming shadow materializes on the door.




Flashback



Her eyes begin to falter open. She hears a familiar voice calling her in through her dreams. If only Rakib was like he used to be.
 
Before this permanent break between them, there was once a time in a summer that felt like not so long ago that they were best friends. In the yellow flocking fields of crops, they raced and played with bright loud laughs. The sky had the most blue with the whitest fluffy clouds so much so Kushum asked, “why can’t we eat the clouds, they look so tasty”

“Well they are just so far and I have heard from my dad that they are really just water”, Rakib responded.

When the heat came on, the sun shone white in the middle of the sky, they would go to his house and bring out bags of ice and ice cream from the freezer to make the most frozen milkshake ever. Rakib’s mom would soon walk in on them and give a distasteful look. “Why did you bring her to our house again, Rakib”, mother said sternly.

Her slender fingers would grab Kushum’s dress and drag her up even if she was laying in the ground and toss her outside the house. The door would be closed with a loud thud followed by the screaming of Rakib and his mom.

Kushum gathered herself up and ran to the side window so she could take a sneak peak of their conversation.

“Mom why would you”- Rakib questioned with teary eyes

“Shut up,” she said before landing a solid slap on his right cheek, “why are you as the son of a mayor mixing with an uneducated filthy maid. If I see her near you again, Rakib's mom grabs his hair tightly and pulls him up face to face with her, “just see what happens”.

That same night, Rakib sneaked out of the house in the evening when his mother was taking a small nap. He was waiting outside Kushum's small family house but she did not respond no matter how much he called. A small paper plane flew outside her window instead.
Streaked with tears and smudgy ink:

“listen to your mother. Why should the son of the mayor be friends with a poor girl from their maid’s house? Don’t talk to me until I'm educated and rich enough for you”

Rakib was at a loss of words. He called out trying to explain that these titles meant nothing to him but no answer was given from her. Fast forward to when she got a full ride scholarship from the same college he went to and got a good part time job, he thought that finally there is no gap between them. Then again, he had to ruin it. Or maybe it was her fault for always being so stubborn.



Kushum pov:

It felt like she was sleeping for centuries. Her eyes refused to open while her bones felt hollow and her nerves seemed shut. Kushum felt something, a hand on her shoulder as it travelled to her chest and then slowly to the stomach. A panic settled in her. Is this a nightmare and if so, why does this touch feel so real? The hand presses on the lower
 
abdomen and then to the fastening pulse in her hands. Kushum's eyes suddenly open, at first it's just a blurry figure in front of her but soon the colours start to show. A drop falls on her lips as the man faces her. A metallic taste forms on her tongue as what appears in front of her could only be described as a tortured monster.

Kushum’s limbs start to move and protest, her vision as screwed as it may be, she could feel the iron cuffs on her hand and legs and the cold chill on her bare stomach. She lifts her face only to look at the face of a man with no eyes, blood channelling down his eyes streaking his entire face and when he opens his mouth, there is no teeth or tongue.

“Get off me! Rakib! Mom! Anyone! Please, stop!”, Kushum screams and begs as her body starts convulsing. She starts thrashing her body against the iron frame bed and screaming but her voice fails. Nothing comes out and the grip on her shoulders becomes more and more firm as a small smile on the man blooms. The surgical lights shine in her eyes, her hand infused with tubes as the pulse oximeter on her left glows in neon lines and numbers. Bags of mysterious fluid stream down in clear tubes from iv poles and straight into her nerves. Kushum starts banging her head and trying to turn but the muscles cramp tightly as every nerve feels like it's about to burst with flames. Tears come rushing out as her throat runs dry. Kushum closes her eyes hoping to die but the last thing she sees before fainting is a boy exactly like Rakib standing in front of her with an injection in his hand.


Rakib pov:

The door breaks down as he pushes it with the weight of his entire body. The insect's legs crawl on the walls as it finally screams out. Rakib dares not look back and scrambles himself up, the corridor in front of him stretches as his vision shrinks and spins. The sound of the insect behind him draws near as its presence is ready to spike him with its sharp claws. For a moment, he felt like he was running in a dream as if someone paused the screen on him. The spider-like legs appear in front of his face as he feels his skin pushed back on a hard spike. For a moment it felt like a knife gashing through his flesh and poison entering his body. After a moment when Rakib looks up, the monster is above him. Almost 8 feet tall, its face and beak is like that of an ant and its eyes as huge as bees, 6 claws side to side stretching like a spider but sharp as a scorpion. He stands still, the insect caught up to him, closing his eyes, Rakib awaits the pain.

“Why are you standing there like that”, a voice just like that of Kushum’s speaks out. Rakib gulps down as she nervously opens his eyes again only for him to see a completely different person. Her long silky hair ends in soft bouncy curls to her waist, eyes the shade of brown tea and her skin pale. “Who are you?” Rakib asks
“Who am I?” The girl laughs loudly and then calms down, “silly thing, did you really come to an abandoned house without knowing its history?”

Rakib stays silent, thinking really hard, the walls around him look different from before. It looks more solid, clean and taken care of almost as if this was the previous state of the house before it was demolished. Pictures hang in the walls as bookshelves and other furniture lay pristine. “Where am I?”
What's happening ?
 
the girl signs and walks past him, “come with me” she said walking ahead and leading, “lets sit you down and then I can explain everything”. Rakib follows her slowly but the pain in his back worsens and slows down his pace. The last thing he sees is her turning to another hall before he collapses on his knees and pukes out blood.


Kushum pov:

Kushum wakes up in cold sweat breathing heavily, her hands clutching the bed sheets. Looking around she realises that it was all a nightmare. Kushum brings her hands close up for inspection and touches softly to see if there is any pain. Quickly she roams her hand all over her body praying and hoping that everything really was just a bad dream. She calms down after finding not a single bruise in her body and looks around only to find another haunting reality. This is not the same room she fell asleep in. The walls have a brighter hue, the bedsheets clean with a fluffy blanket and the interior being fully clean. She gets up from the bed and approaches the mirror slowly. Is that..kushum. The mirror showed a girl with skin as black, eyes with no pupils and not a single strand of hair on her head. Kushum yells out as she punches the mirror repeatedly, shards of sharp glass entering her hand but she cares not. What was that?! Clearly not Kushum. She lowers her eyes to the broken shards on the floor only for it to reflect back a hideous humongous insect. Kushum takes steps back as she kneels down in tears.

A soft voice speaks up, “my goodness, what happened here, your hand is bleeding”. A man that Kushum saw in the last moment of her nightmare is in front of her, she couldn't move but there he was patching up her arms with bandages with a look of worry all over his face.

“My name is Kavi," he says after cleaning up the blood from Kushum's arms. “May I know yours?” Kavi asks as he assists her to sit up on the bed and cleans the floor swiftly. Kushum remained seated in horror, not realising what's happening. It’s all so confusing. Before she could stand up or turn around, Kavi's hand rests on top of her bruised hand. “I know you're confused but please rest assured”, Kavi draws near to her ear, “just follow what I do and you will be fine”. Kushum finally turns her head and instead of the previous horrors meets a gentle face with a nice smile. He touches her head and signs, “you have a fever and something tells me that you had a nightmare. Mind telling me about it?” Kavi asks with a smile

”where am I? I want to go home now. My parents must be worried sick of me.” “That might be difficult because you see, you have entered another realm.” ”what? This doesn't make any sense!?”
"Of course it doesn't, just look around you. This is not the reality you used to be in. My guess is that this place was a haunted house, was it not?
‘Yes” Kushum says quietly
”Well then” Kavi’s voice raises as he asks accusedly, “what in hell were you doing in a haunted house? Do you realise the dangers of mixing yourself with paranormal fluctuations! Look at you now!”
Kushum sits there still not knowing how to process this information. “Just tell me how to go home”
 
Kavi lays down on the bed while still looking at her with disbelief, “what makes you think, I would be here with you if I knew how to go home”. He says waiting for her follow but nothing. “You still haven’t told me your name girl?”
‘Kushum’
“well Kushum, let me tell you the story of a girl just like you” Rakib pov
soft hands ruffle his hair as he hears a sweet melody soothing his tensed nerves. Rakib’s entire body relaxes as his scalp gets massaged alongside his shoulders for it seems like he is laying in the softest pillow. When he finally opens his eyes, he asks, “you haven't told me your name yet”
‘Naomi”

Naomi softly rests his head away from her lap to another pillow as she sits on the opposite sofa. A small wooden table between them has a cup of tea with some biscuits. She pours him a cup and opens a familiar diary. “Do you know this diary? This is from a good friend of mine. He wanted to write an autobiography and so he did. He even managed to grasp the most horrifying parts of his life which I think you might like.”



Flash back Kavi’s diary:

The earliest memories of myself are in a dark alley where a scrawny old woman looks over me. She was as thin as a fishbone, her old skin hanging like dry clothes and flowing with the wind and her ever so thin strands of hair. I was placed in a basket and then transported to an old shut down warehouse. Old men in big cloaks surrounded her and me. The only thing I managed to hear was the bargaining of prices and then a short cry from the women.
Someone quickly picked me from the basket and said to the other members that I will do just fine. So, they raised me. Fed me 3 times. Gave me clothes and taught me to read inside their house that's ever so deep in the woods.

When I was 7, I met a person of my age for the first time. Her name is Naomi and instantly I was struck by her captivating smile, the way she gracefully carried herself around the halls of our nightmares, she spoke ever so gently with her pretty lips and red cheeks. We grew close instantly. I soon learned that she was also in a similar state where she was abandoned in the street. Thankfully, this organisation found her and paired her up with me.

From then on, we ate together, read story books together, bathed together and played with each other all the time. We were both extremely curious about the outside but the fathers said that the outside world is a hell and we aren’t allowed. That did not stop us from attempting. When we were 15, Naomi and I planned our big escape. And we almost succeeded. I managed to get the keys to the main door and Naomi made sure we had a clean road without distractions. Success was in our hands. I placed the key inside the lock, both of us panting and smiling, waiting to hear the snap but..the key didn't turn. Naomi grabbed it from my hands and tried over and over again, the key broke in the end. All this time, they have been waiting for us to try to escape.
 
I felt them behind us, not one or two but almost a hundred. I shouted for Naomi but she was grabbed by her hair and dragged across the floor to the basement. It tore apart my heart to see her like that, struggling so hard against all of them, she kept on throwing punches and pushing them back but they cornered her in a circle. Her screams and cries reverberated through every wall and the only thing I could do was cry on the floor. I always thought that I would protect Naomi and save her but when the time came, I was as still as the wind, sobbing and shaking on the floor.

They placed me in a dark room. A few days passed and not a single shred of light entered the room, nor food, nor water. The air becomes thick feeling nearly impossible to breathe. On the 4th day they drag me out of the room and take me to the same basement. Light bulbs flinch out of light here and there as some water leaks from the pipes puddle on the ground.
Then I hear Naomi’s screams, finally audible. I couldn't move, not a single muscle in my body was working, my ears wanted to bleed. The closer I got, the more I could hear her screaming and her words. They were all the same and I could no longer bear it. My stomach turned and I immediately puked. The fathers taking me smacked my head against the wall as they cursed at me for getting their robes dirty. Blood came rushing from my mouth as I felt them drag me down the stairs.

We come to a huge circular room with a dome shaped ceiling underground. It was arranged like a performance, all the fathers stood around the perimeter. They toss me into the arena and from their my torture begin. I saw Naomi hanged on the wall, blood dripping from her body and hundreds of little tubes inserted on her arms and chest. I ran towards her but one of the fathers kicked me. And then they all gathered around me with spiky wooden sticks.
There wasn't a single bone in me that they didn't break, not a single inch they didn't bruise. Their sticks were covered in blood as my teeth were all on the floor. I was still breathing, why? Naomi’s eyes were open locked into me and she was also still alive. Why is this happening to us? None of this makes sense. What could we have possibly done to deserve this.

The fathers were done beating me and that's when I felt the sharpest pain in my arms and then my back and then my feet. They skewed me with their spikes on the ground spreading me out. Then they used our blood to draw a circle and within it many patterns and symbols. It took me a long time to realise this but our torture didn’t even begin. This was light work.
The real pain awaited ahead. The room became dark and the father lit one candle after another, book in each of their hands as they arranged themselves in their own coordinates around the demonic circle. My blood formed a pool in the middle as more liquid was travelling inside Naomi’s body.

Fathers started singing. For a little while, it felt peaceful as I did not know what else to do. The description of pain is futile, her screams are now no longer, our lives were merely all gone. So what's the point? Soon, this will all be over and I will awake beside Naomi in heaven.

I close my eyes. Their voices sang louder till my ears couldn't bear it anymore. They draw near in my field of vision and bend down, their fingers circling my eyes. My arms and legs
 
remain rooted in the ground with the spikes as nails to keep me grounded. My chest tears open and my heart is peeled away like a fruit from a tree.

Do I die? Of course not

Their spells grow louder as they all sing in a choir, the room starts shaking as dust falls from all round us and the fire in the candle becomes more ignited. Then I hear it, the laughter of a devil. Shocks run through my body like electricity and Naomi’s screams make every father pinch their ears. I was grateful for my blindness. I never wish to see what will become of her. I could only hear her bones snapping and her skin tearing as the buzz of insects grew louder. Naomi breaks free from her iron shackles as I hear the collective scream of the fathers. Their stomps on the ground as they all try to flee only for sharp claws to bite them away and rip their chest. One by one, each scream fades with each candle light. The room surely becomes as dark as my vision.

Naomi does not speak and neither do I. We have no tongues or anything to say to each other. But we both immediately knew our instincts as if a huge information gap had been fulfilled. We conversed without words and understood each other more than ever. And we both knew what we had to do.

……………………

Naomi closes her book as Rakib falls lays still on the couch again. The tea seemed to work perfectly. Rakib lay motionless as all his nerves and muscles fail him, his remain wide and tears river down his face. Naomi pats his head and pinches his nose playfully, "don't be scared silly, it will only be like a mosquito bite.

Kushum froze, not knowing what to do. Should she get up, should she fight? Is there really any chance of winning? Kushum shot up from the bed and fell down in a hurry. Kavi only laughed. “It’s ok, you can try to escape”, he says as he opens the door, “I know exactly how you feel so go ahead”

Kushum immediately sprints into the hall as Kavi just smiles watching her from back. She suddenly halts at the dining room. No one is behind chasing her down and she sees a hot steam still coming from the cup of tea.
“Wait? Rakib? Are you here? Please answer me.” Kushum says as she searches all around her. She finds a cellar leading downstairs, at first she hesitates but looking closely, she notices a red wrapper almost like that condom Rakib had in his pocket. As Kushum slowly descends, she realises it's the same one. Shouting his name again proves nothing but she was not sure that he was down there. Kushum was not going to get out without him. Tears form in her eyes, all this time she has been avoiding him hoping that would lead him to a brighter future. But all she did is bottle up her own feelings and tell him just how much she truly likes him. So Kushum runs downstairs as fast as Ashe could and enters a familiar room previously described by Kavi. Her heart sinks.

She slowly walks towards the center, her voice and ears betraying. Kushum looks away, no, she refuses. That is not Rakib. Yet she walks closer, her feet tainting red from the pool of
 
blood in the middle as she kneels down and lays her eyes on his face, it is Rakib. Before breaking down again she quickly tries to lift up the spears pinning his limbs down.

“You are not dead, I know you're not. I'm so sorry! This is all my fault. I should’ve at least listened to you and not-“ her stretch fails her. The spears are at least 40 inches down and as firm as iron. They didn't budge even a single bit. But Kushum couldn't look at Rakib’s face either. There’s no way? She refuses to draw his current state on her mind, and Kushum denies that's him. After all that pulling, not a single spear came off and her legs were all covered with Rakib’s blood. His chest is still rising in some miraculous way. She lies down beside him, soaking in his blood as she says her last words.

“I don't know if you will believe me now but I just want to say that, I have always liked you. My actions previously may have said otherwise but now”, Kushum leans towards him and leaves a small peak on his bloody lips, “I’m ready to listen to you and be beside you even if it's too late”, Kushum says as she breaks down into sobs again.
Kavi and Naomi watch from above. “Are you sure about this” Naomi asks
“Yes,” Kavi responds confidently, “there is nothing more I have ever wanted except to see
the outside world with you and there is nothing I would not do to achieve it”.
Naomi nods in approval as they both step back and open their book to start reciting.

A soft melody fills the air as the candle light starts to glow and flicker, Kushum feels sleepy, even almost at peace. When she opens her eyes again, she feels the warm sunlight on her skin and the smell of earth under her nose as Rakib’s voice calls out to her. There he is, as young as he used to be in the yellow field of crops wearing his stupid smile, Kushum gets up and sees the bluest sky ever and smiles in return.
“Let’s play!”


…………………………………………………….



Rakib's friends wait outside the abandoned house for hours and keep spam calling him but he does not pick up any time. He gets quite frustrated and walks around waiting for his free condom. He has an important date and he really needs it, where could Rakib even be, his bike is literally here. As he paces around the house, he hears a voice talking so he quickly sneaks behind a wall. It’s a girl and a guy he has never seen in the town before but both of them look as young as 17 or 16 and they both seemed to be ..weirdly happy. The girl is wiping her tears and proudly starts laughing.

“I told you the grass was green but you did not believe me”, the girl says pointing everywhere. The guy just signs and explains, “but some grass can be kind of yellow too because from I read it really depends in the chlorophyll”
“I’m pretty sure your talking bout leaves then”
 
Their discourse lasts for about a minute before they break down into laughter again. He grabs her hand and smiles, “lets go now, we have the whole world to explore”, the girl nods firmly and pulls the boy along as she runs into the forest.

Rakib's friend watches them slowly disappear into the forest as he calls Rakib for one last time.


