
The iPad screen emitted bright light in front of me and even when the equations were bold and black I couldn’t digest them into my head. I read them so meaninglessly that I forgot them the moment my eyes slid past them. I grew heavy and a faint heartbeat was heard from the core of my chest. I didn’t , no, I couldn’t get proper sleep. Even when I blocked all communication after 1 am, sleep only graced me when it was 3. All those times I flipped through pages of “the bell jar” in order to distract my bored self but that didn't help because the main character just received shock therapy and I was wondering how terrible that must have felt.

Sleep cruelly left me when it was 9 again. Not knowing why, I decided to stay awake and wash my face, and do my morning routine of having the same breakfast for at least 8 years. Since there were no classes to be taken I took this free time to scroll even though I have one of the most important exams pending on me like a thin sting of guillotine threatening to snap anytime and execute me like a sharp knife slicing an apple in half.

I talked with my friend a bit, exchanging good mornings through texts and other small talk conversations like “how was sleep” and responses like “wow that’s so late”. After telling him my current situation, he said take a nap. At first I dismissed the idea, the foremost reason I stayed awake was so I could get more studying done which I planned to do no matter what.
After closing his dm, the weight on my eyes increased and I realised I would get no work done if I didn't get enough rest. So, I did. I took a nap.



When I layed down, my body was so relieved. I felt myself instantly relax, glad that I wouldn’t have to carry my own weight with my tired sore feet.
 
It was almost like my own body parts were disassembled from me with great joy. Using my feet to pull up my blanket I turned to the left side and closed my eyes, taking the body pillow in a close embrace and binding it between my legs. I felt great but I still knew sleep wouldn’t come so easily.
The most I would get is laying down on my bed feeling the weight of desired sleep while keeping the door to reality open, keeping me in a state of semi consciousness. Knowing this, I still closed my eyes and let myself drift into a surreal world devoid of real earth concepts. Because now I was walking down a quiet neighbourhood narrow road somewhere like in Mohammadpur. Even though it's a shady place with a lot of thieves , right now the path was filled with tranquil peace, both sides lined with apartment complex buildings and small trees with bright green leaves that gleamed softly from the soft golden rays of sunlight. Birds chirped and fresh air blew.

When I wondered why I was here, my brain immediately thought it was because I was visiting a restaurant. And when I looked in front of me, I found kfc. But kfc didn't look like kfc. Only the logo on the second floor did and below was a sort of open stall where you could see the chef dipping the chicken in hot oil. The walls were cemented and uncoloured, for tables there were only thin polished planks and small round chairs with 3 legs. Multiple highlighter yellow coloured buses were stationed in front of the stall and when I walked past them, I saw all the customers were male and kind of chubby and the darkest shade of brown. I took a corner table by the wall And sat. Instantly in front of me was a tray of crispy long fries and some saucy chicken tenders on the side. Their iconic kfc smell danced in front of my nose and I was salivating in front of it. Two strangers beside me were talking and when I saw their milkshake, it was the exact one they sold at my school cafeteria rooftop in a small plastic cup. I was always fishy
 
how they got that taste of coffee, tea and chocolate at the same time.
Nonetheless I was always drawn to the icy sweet taste.

Suddenly a man with all black attire and black bag comes in a hurry, I instantly recognise him as a photographer or a film shooter, and I see a resemblance of someone I knew from my computer class years back. Truth be told, I had a pinch of longing for him even though he was a lot older. I guess I really like the patience he showed even when students struggled with basic problems. Being so smart and sophisticated and well spoken, I immediately assumed he must make bags of money. Until a similar surreal dream entered me and showed him as a hungry cheating man who left me when he laid his eyes on a prettier woman who always wore tank tops. He walked past and went inside the gap of the wall I didn't notice existed.
When I got up, I saw another small alley within the wall sneaking in like a
dirty secret packed with grocery stalls selling varieties of rice, pulse and other home ingredients. He vanished into the long crowded alley. I suddenly got a phone call, it was my friend I talked with earlier. My environment immediately changed and it felt like I was holding my phone trying to accept his call. Maybe my fingers didn't budge because I don't remember what happened next.

The door of reality inched open.

I could feel the inability to move as if paralysed inside a cocoon. No matter how hard I tried, it took great will power and strength to turn to the other side, as if I was nailed down to one side. I felt a great rush of freedom when I managed to move. How horrifying it would have been to be stuck like that for the rest of my life. I heard hushed voices, as one of the maids continuously kept entering and leaving my room.
 
A blur of scenes mixed together with few clips from reality and the intensity of fiction flowed in front of me. I heard the voices talking and they grew louder and louder until I was awakened by them. Two of the maids were in front of me. They wanted me to make a grocery list for them since none of them could read or write. It was eggs, milk, cucumbers and more greens with their exact kilogram. It greatly annoyed me how demanding they sounded, not to mention one of them always had a sharp edge to their voice which always irritated me. I wish I could make them shut up for good, hushing the fantasy of screaming at that maid then realised I was too tired to do so. After I completed their demand they let me go back to my half baked slumber.

The next time I heard a voice, I didn't know if I was dreaming or not, it was like listening through a non permeable membrane. It was the other maid who irritated me less or I just got used to her. She led another women inside my room. Unable to open my eyes due to some unknown force I just listened in their conversation.
“We are not getting her married” ‘Why not”
“we are- ..” the voice continued on explaining but I couldn’t decipher it anymore. The voice was there explaining and listing but no matter what sounds entered my ears I couldn’t decode them into human language. Obviously it was about me. I hated marriage. I never really knew why I hated it but I guess I was born with it. Of course some genius psychiatrist can disagree and relate it to some childhood trauma I had forgotten about.
I always saw it as a cage even though I was mature enough to know it wasn't. I guess I wasn't a loyal person to begin with. My lips were glued shut and I felt my frustration boil. This is what happens when you're too tired to sleep but still remain awake. I couldn’t move unless I exerted great force as if my body was a huge sack of water weighing tons. A thought clung to me.

Is this what paralysis feels like?
Could this be an example before death?

I know I'm not dying but moments like this truly shows what a powerless Ant I am. There’s a saying I strongly believe in: “sleep is temporary death”. Is this what it feels like then, to float between death and life where real life and dreams mix and you can't decide who is real. A realm where your body melts away and doesn't listen and your mind is really not your mind.
Because I never managed to think when I was dreaming, I was always carrying out a sequence of activity that was already scripted and the ability to form a thought never existed. It was only when I woke up, I realized what I dreamt about and judged on their purity and hidden meaning. It was scary to think you could be someone who couldn’t form thoughts anymore and was a lifeless soul wandering in a realm of dreams conjured of places you went in real life and people u once loved or hated.

A bright light woke me up.

I was finally able to open my eyes and part my lips, the maid came to my room to search for something. How much they didn't care that it would wake a sleeping person but only for now I'm grateful for that cause I managed to get up. But then the light was shut off and I was pulled back to the dream netherland but this time I was speechless by its scenery.
 
Oh how I wish I didn't have to visualise it. But it was there. To even bring such scenes into a brain must be a crime. I wondered what I could have done to dream of things like that. I know what I did which makes me wanna hide them in an attic and burn the house upside down. There were bikini models and a official nude shooting taking place. But dreams are dreams. You don't form thoughts while Dreams take place as if it's a movie projecting in front of you and no matter what you do, the channel in front of you wont change. So now you're stuck as such detailed porn takes action before your eyes.

There was a faceless man taking the pictures. Even though you couldn't see him, you just knew he had sharp cheekbones and was tall and wearing a shiny black suit. Maybe polished shoes and half curled hair with a stubble. He stepped out and positioned the model again in another pose and then another and clicked it all away stored in his camera card. I watched attentively as his long fingers fixed the string bikinis of the models around their thin waist, the way his fingers laced the corner stitching one and then their soft shiny skin. Pose after pose and it grew more ridiculous each time, vulgarity and nudity.

I felt a pang of jealousy because that dream body was soft and milky, I knew I would melt within a single touch. I knew the skin felt like silk. A flawless cinnamon coloured skin with no pigmentation or stretch marks or any sort of imperfection. He went closer to the model again until I saw his right hand sneakily enter under her bikini.

I was only awake when I felt my butt throb slightly, feeling the warm slimy feeling, I got up. My eyes were fully open, body being charged not to a 100% but more of a 55% and that terrible heavy feeling being lighter but still clinging. I stood up and stretched waiting for myself to feel like a real human being again. A living functional body with a sound mind standing on the solid floor.

When I gained my full consciousness, I washed myself again which made me feel cleaner. My friend was right, a nap did feel better. To completely get rid of the heavy heartbeat, I jerked open the off white curtains to the side and let the refreshing bright but not too bright light filter into my room and settle in for a peaceful ambience. Gliding the window, the air breezed in slowly making my room a quiet cozy sunlit space.

When I checked my time , it was just 1 AM. Do dreams affect time as well? I was sure it was 2:45 last time I checked between one of the intervals of staying open eyed. My phone was where I last put it last meaning he didn't call me. Then again a lot of weird things happen in dreams between half closed eyelids. In the hours I slept, I went through a train of memories where I couldn’t tell which was real and what’s not. I was in space and in his arms and then under. When you stop trying to make sense of all the things around you, a new profound acceptance enters you. I want to live by that.

I took a seat on the corner of my bed, letting the pink colored wall support my back and breathed in. I trace my memories back but find almost nothing. As if the last hours were nothing but a white board which still had some marker writing that wasn’t completely erased and readable if you squint your eyes really hard. The more I tried to put the pieces together, the more quickly they disappeared from inside my head. They floated from my brain as bubbles and filled the room, the light captured the purple pink blue iridescence of the bubbles and with time, one by one they began to pop. When there were no more bubbles, I wondered what happened this entire time. Will I ever separate dreams and reality? I guess it's best for me if I don't try too hard and appreciate the fading memories, real or not.
 



