The weather was damp tonight. Car honks and city lights sprayed out the lobby window, yellow headlights and red lights from traffic signals vibrated on the rain poodles and were spattered by driving cars. The ac were on a blast inside the guest area. Sitting on a comfy brown sofa, Riki enjoyed herself with a brownie and a pizza roll, her dinner after a day of backbreaking work. Her tongue was almost burned by the scorching coffee as she sipped too much while checking her hand watch. It was 20:00, the lobby was getting quieter and lonelier as people left and went past the main door. All these people must have families at home, Riki thought, the way their heels hurry and their conversations go asking “when are you arriving” or “what do you want for dinner” or “don't forget to bring the milk, dear”. Whenever these conversations swimmed into her ears, she would change her seat or wear some earpods listening to nothing. A woman's phone rang, she was sitting on the far side of the one corner. Riki didn't know the woman but it was obvious from her attire that she was a foreigner on a work tour, a smile opened up when she heard the voice from the other side.

“I know dear, I know…. Yes it's night here now…oh really Dori didn't go to school today, why ... .haha… don't worry I will be in my hotel now ... .kill me please u know I love you…okay bye babe..yes yes I know”. She ended the phone with a small kissing sound and dropped it on her bag. She got up and flung her bag on her shoulder as she walked past Riki. After a few minutes, Riki finished her coffee and realized she was the only person sitting alone in this spacious lobby so late at night. She gave a long sigh and got up, the sound of her heels on the white polished marble was louder than before.

She got inside her Porsche and inserted her key and pushed the pedal slowly coming out of her parking spot and exiting through the gate entering the highway. The traffic was better now, it was always a sweet romantic thing to drive at night. There was a special sublime feeling that you can only experience in the night, when all souls are absent and the moon shines, a chilling wind blows past, a part of the world only relies on candles and bulbs, its serene and haunting. The darkness wrapped and demons lurking, it's always romantic.

Riki, through her sleepy eyes and foggy mind, drove and drove. Only black she saw and the voice from the map telling her to go right and then left. Past her eyes, she saw shops, shops and stores. Get your cake, free toothbrush, 30% off shoes and new sales. The car paused after she saw a similar restaurant, the fluorescent broad was still faintly on, the inside was empty and one worker was on his phone scrolling something. Riki gazed up and down and turned her car to go there. She greeted the man and sat there, she was still hungry, why was she still hungry? She had enough food.

Widening her eyes she scanned her environment and brought up a cheap cigarette, she got her lighter and the flames looked pretty.
She felt an eye watching, someone’s voice yelling and then she closed her eyes, inhaling, hoping the world of worries would turn into ashes. No avail, she opened her eyes and there he was. Riki’s heart cried out in silent, unrecognized burn. The tip of the fingers were pressed on the cigarette, the orangish tip now a grey one. “Tch tch, I thought someone said said they don’t smoke anymore”

“Well true but you know, sometimes a single puff won’t hurt” she said, flicking away her cigarette and looking at him now. Dressed in his work suit, ironed by him and his well green colored tie, he smiled. That smile could mean a million things now but she avoided his gaze and sighed.
“What are you doing here” he asked putting his face between his two hands on the table
“I could ask you the same", she replied. It was obvious, painfully, blandly obvious why they were here. Tied by sweet memories, good night outs and even looking forward to shattered hopes. 

His hair was bleached and eyes black like boba, he was here, really here, In front of her. For some reason she couldn’t believe that.
“How is work, I bet the night shift is hard, is today your night shift?” Riki knew the answer but still asked. He let out a tired sigh and gaze away “no, I don’t have night shift today. Just got off work and thought to take a bite only to be bumped into you”. He said, glancing in her way.
“what a coincidence” she mumbled

The silence was hollow, the lights overhead shining upon them on the dark, quiet night. The soft wind whispered and the two people sat opposite of each other, waiting for something. The waiter came from the back and gave them their usual, funny that the waiter still remembered.
“so how’s your work” Ferd inquired. “It's all right, a bit long but it's fine” she said looking down on the food and that’s when a thought struck her. “Wait, are you staying with someone tonight”. Riki asked surprised, her voice a bit shocked. Then she realized she shouldn’t have asked that, it wasn’t her business and she realized she crossed the line. Ferd only smiled and then let out a cheeky laugh. For some reason, it fluttered Riki ears and turned it somewhat red, her brain sucking in his voice and storing in her neurons in a way she would recall it every night before sleep. Her smile dropped for that reason.

“For your information, no” he said, swinging his fork and picking a meatball from the spaghetti. “I'm staying at a motel, it's nearby and very cheap”. A sad smile speared profoundly on his lips. It isn’t your fault, Riki thought, it had to be done. That was the argument she always had inside her whenever she saw or heard about Ferd.
Did it hurt? Yes.
Do you regret it? Kinda
 
Do you wish somehow this painfully brutal misunderstanding would be resolved and make things better between us? Yes
Would it solve the main problem, would it fix the real issue? No Do you even care that he can't have kids? No
Do you or have always love-
Ferd suddenly choked and Riki quickly gave him a cup of water. She sighed, is he in a hurry to get out of here? I guess it would make sense if he was. No one wants to have dinner so late in the night with their ex wife. Riki quickly ate her remaining spaghetti and pressed a tissue against her lips. She was getting ready to leave but something made her turn around, it was Ferd. He looked as if he would collapse anytime soon, tired and overworked.
‘’I know we have no ties together” he glanced away and sighed. “Can I still ask for something?” he questioned to which Riki gave a slight nod.
“Drive me home tonight” came out more as a statement than a request. Before Riki could process, good man Ferd was walking away from the shop and to her car. He opened the door for the passenger seat instead of the backseat, a sudden smirk crept upon Riki's mouth and she signed. With a stupid smile on her face she followed suit and got in her seat and put on her seatbelt. The car brought in the familiar scent, mostly his, Riki guessed he is still using the same perfume she gave him. She stole a glance within the side of her eye while starting the car, he looked out the window letting the soft wind blow his hair. The car turned towards the empty dark street, she lit the headlights and spinned her steering wheel.
"Motel or your home?" Riki asked while looking forward.
Ferd’s gaze moved from the window to her side frame and he stayed silent for a while, his eyes were dropping low and he was trying his best to look focused.
 
“Whichever one is nearer, the motel will do” he said drowsily. Riki hummed in response as Ferd put his head forward and closed his eyes. Riki kept glancing back and forth, the road and him. He looked peaceful but there were some stress lines on his forehead meaning he is not completely asleep.
“Don't fall asleep now, I won't be able to carry you to your room” Riki called but no response was heard from him instead he was breathing steadily clutching on the good dreams of his slumber. Her hand hesitantly went forward and grouped his cheek, Riki fought a smile. She leaned in to admire his features all over again, her hand went through his soft bleached hair and her fingers outlining the shape of his ears, those eyelashes never looked prettier.

His eyes suddenly shot into life and he lazily got up from his reclining position and yawned.
“Oh we are here already” he said as he looked towards the motel. Riki was stepping out of her car as he spoke and opened his door.
“I see you still have your princely manners, never fail to make a man have butterflies huh” Ferd teased as he went out with his bag. On usual occasions, the night would have ended here and there, Riki could be inside her car and towards her home. Tonight wasn't a usual night.
Instead, she was beside Fred while buttoning up his shirt. He was in a state of both sleep and awareness, she knew this happened to him whenever he had a rough day, he would say things he did not mean just like right now.
“C’mon on Riki, you're lying if you say you don't want this right now” he quipped. He had a sly smile on his face and Riki wondered how he was drunk without drinking. Nonetheless, her good manners never left her it seems. She helped Fred to his rooms and helped him dress up, what was he? A baby. Perhaps. Riki put his legs on the bed and tucked him with a blanket. He snuggled in there like a kitten, giggling and all. Riki pondered over him and gazed away, she didn't want to think all over. What good would it do? She was pulled to sit on the bed by Ferd’s firm hand, he still had his eyes open, barely.

“Why are you leaving?” he asked, this time there was no more smile, only bitter sadness in his half awake eyes. Riki gulped and pulled away, she stared at the ground horrifically like dark shadows were engulfing her. Only the sad sigh of Ferd was heard as he turned the other direction. He spoke again “I know you hate me, I don't blame you for that, you're a sensible woman so you must have your reasons. You must like torturing me as if I’m a joke” he turned his face around and there was a smile on his face as he said “ if you want to hurt me again, I just want to say you have all the permission in the world to do so”. Now he was face to face with Riki, his black eyes glittered like it contained atomic stars, he slowly leaned in and gave Riki a small peck on the lips.
For a few minutes, Riki was there sitting like a statue. Ferd was snoring away in his sleep under his blanket, faint light from the sleeping city poured through the window and fell on his face. Riki finally gathered enough energy to stand up though her knees felt weak. She went downstairs and paid for Ferd’s stay. For an instance, she was sure Fred wouldn't remember a single thing when he woke up in the morning. She signed. What should she do? What could she do? After the payment, she went back into her car and turned the headlights on. Back to home for now.
 

