Kaoru from Ancient Folklore
Written by
Rukayyah Noshin





Prologue



Once upon a time, there was a mythical creature who was ever so enchanting. He liked to play songs and write poetry
He loved to swim and danced with fairies Gentleness coated him and his elegance shone He blessed them all and was so himself
He was none other than the treasure of the sky
 
His wind graced earth and he swirled and healed From sky he saw nations, Romans, Arabs and lovers He complained and wished
How I want to visit the world

He said to his mother,
Let me be, let me be free as the wind, let me see! Warnings and threats unheard, he dreamt like a fool So he fled and flew away to the corners of world
He laughed and sang
Look at the snowflakes, the intricacy, the ice and the sun! Look at the rivers, the grass and birds!
How I love the spring, bees and flowers
Why would mother ever tell me to stay away from this wonders

A lady came and gave him some tea
They talked and found so much things alike
She said she was the queen and was exhausted from worries He sang a song that soothed her heart and calmed her nerves Wonderful! Wonderful! She rejoiced with glee

Weeks pass and moons arrive The queen declares a decree
Capture this prince and give him too me Soldiers hunt and rumors fly
Did you hear about the prince of the sky?
It says he in the wind but a treasure as well

Swords turned and arrows pulled Trapped is the master of wind Cages locked and poisoned tea A cruel betrayal

Captive and sold, the queen demands his will Say, how come I still do not know your name? Kaoru from ancient folklore
Treasure and prince of sky
Sing a song so that you may never cry

Doomed for eternity, he cried and cursed
The queen spit out worms and her skin so disgustingly rot Heal me! Heal me! She yelled
He cursed and brought ruin The wind bellowed and turned
Nation to dust, history buried and cries unheard

Cry forever
Don’t ever see the sun
 
Feel hell for misery and for eternity You must repay, death be a wish So he cursed and saw his end






Ch : 1
12:08
12/2/2008

The train shot through the green plains of newly planted crops, went through the tunnel of a mountain, and provided a view of a stunning waterfall that made all the passengers gasp in wonder. Now it was informing us that we were half an hour away from our destination. Miri closed the window shutters on her side as she closed her book, her back was hurting again. The train was passing by a local village where the market was strolling with buyers and the shadows of historic temples were on the border, a tourist attraction. Passengers started getting ready to leave and soon the train came to a smooth stop.

We have arrived at our destination, thank you for travelling with us.

People spilled from the exit doors and scattered throughout the platform, the sound of heels, rushing wheels of suitcase and phone calls and the smell of mint freshener blended into one as Miri climbed up the station. The spring wind carrying the scent of Sakura blossoms swirled past her as she waited for her friend's car. The sky was light blue with small chunks of clouds floating around and there was distinctive freshness in the air, unlike popular cities. A taxi car pulled in front of her as the windows rolled down, it was her good friend Diana. She had black sunglasses with bleached blond hair that she kept above her neck, wearing jeans and a t-shirt, she waved at Miri with a smile that displayed her shining straight teeth.
 
“Miri, buckle up inside, it's been so long I didn’t see you” Diana said motioning her to come inside. After Rimi bucked up, she stared at the road ahead, there was no traffic at all and the windows were down so the fresh wind washed her face all along. Diana looked towards her with a feign of concern.

“Is it very bad?” she asked
“As bad as you can make it to be” Rimi replied with no sympathy “the doctor said it was god’s mercy I am not in a wheelchair now”. Diana went silent as she heard that, “Listen, I know it's hard but yes” she said putting a hand over her shoulder “you should be a tad bit grateful that you are still able to walk”. She continued trying to comfort her “I know weightlifting has always been your hobby, you used to be a stick and now you are so much healthier.
Sometimes bad things are more important in life than the good ones. Maybe there is something better for you and you don’t even know it”.
“Sure sure we will go with that '' Rimi nodded as she changed the subject “I’m kind of hungry, know any good place?”. Diana’s demeanor completely shifted as she turned her car left excitedly with an increase in speed, “you just reminded me of a dinner place and it's just around his corner! I’m telling you about a place cooked by the heavens!” She exclaimed.

With that, they settle in the restaurant. Surprisingly there were a good amount of customers, the decor was inspired by mediaeval inns as the walls were painted like wooden planks with golden light hanging low. Rimi and Diana sat in a corner where there was a window.

“So you still haven’t told me why you came here, a vacation perhaps?”
Rimi sighed “I came here for a stupid reason called forest bathing, I know it's stupid but my doctor suggested me to a therapist after my surgery. The therapist tells me to calm down and go separate myself from society and collect myself because that’s the only way to heal for me. Apparently time fixes all”
“I think the therapist is right, that accident was no joke and all the stress and pressure really builds up on you like a mountain” Diana says and points at Rimi with a flashing smiley “Lucky for you, this just the place for some relaxing”
A waitress brings their food on the table and exotic smell rises in the air as the lid is opened. Both the girl’s tongue burst with unimaginable flavor at the first bite that they both squeal out in giddiness.

2 hours later Diana leaves Rimi in front of her new rented place. It was a small two story house with an old man as a caretaker who was kind enough to let Rimi rent it for 1 month. Overgrown grass and fat bushes were sprayed over the garden and the colors and assembly of the bricks on the ground was worn out by age but nonetheless, it has a peaceful sensation to it. The wallflowers were in full bloom and birds rested on the branches of ancient trees, the outline of the forest could be seen from here. Tourists were welcome to venture into a small section of forest while most of the part was restricted access for good reasons. Rimi pulled out her suitcase from the trunk and closed it. It was well into the afternoon and Rimi's entire body urged for a one hour shower. Diana and Rimi exchanged hugs and parted their ways, Rimi stood watching the car exit through the gate and into the distance. She grabbed her suitcase and climbed the front stairs to ring the bell. An old short man with almost no hair on his head opened the door and gazed upwards to Rimi. The man took his glasses and stared at her for another few seconds and recognized her “oh you must be Rimi right”.
 
“Yes sir, that would be me. I’m renting the upper floor for this month,” Rimi informed him . The old man let out a toothless smile “ forget the formalities, I’m like your grandpa, step inside”.

Even if not newly furnished or modern, the place was beautiful and nostalgic on its own. A small living room with striped sofa and small wooden table with lamp. Miniature items and toys on display behind glass furniture, some plastic flowers with an intricate vase and the old curtains tucked at the sides to let the soft light of the sun flow through. The room felt filled with antique items and felt cozy by the embrace of green nature all around. Soon after, the grandpa came with some fruits, biscuits and a tea cup.
“Oh my, there was no need for all this” miri said as she felt embarrassed but the jolly man just smiled and sat.
“No” the old man said “it's a pleasure, I don't get many guests anyways, it's always nice to have some company”. Rimi nodded as she served herself some tea and dipped the biscuits. After the afternoon tea time with the grandpa, she received the keys and went upstairs. It was a moderate apartment, more than enough space for one person. It was tiled, clean with working bulbs and water pipes and that's all that mattered to Rimi. She could've been in a 5 star hotel if she wanted but she desperately wanted this. A nice apartment beside shades of green, where the winds flow freely and the sound of calmness. And it's cheap! She let the bathtub fill as she unpacked her suitcase, the day was running fast and she wanted to make a nice dinner as her detest suggested. The bedroom had a balcony where the view of the forest and grassy plain was majestic. The green grass and wildflower waved with the wind and a bit far away was the extension of forest trees where darkness resided. Rimi breathed in the fresh cold wind and felt her lungs free from intangible chains . Her gaze roamed around the blank area of long grass and the sheep’s in the farm beside, the sun was slowly being dipped into the horizon as the gloominess became apparent. The noise of water dripping from the bathtub became audible as she quickly went back to stop it.






Ch: 2

The morning started with nothing but the call of the chicken at the next farm, the sun shone proudly, it was a bright morning with no clouds in sight. She lazily dropped her legs as she continued her routines of stretches recommended at her script. After laying in the cold water from the bathtub, she got dressed up.

Soon her doorbell rings, opening the door she finds the grandpa himself, with a sweet smile always there on his face. At his dinner table, food was spread like it was a buffet. Polished plates and clear glasses arranged regularly, eggs with toasted bread with creamy butter spread over them, some rich brown meat coated with barbecue sauce and Greek salad on the side, a clear jar containing fresh orange juice from his own trees. Grandpa was a proud chef. Rimi could only stand there with her mouth agape, she has never seen such fresh and rich flavored dishes for the last 3 years. Grandpa chuckled and pulled her chair, “whatcha waiting for, dig in child”.

Rimi, unable to resist the strong aroma, quickly sat down and tasted the buttered toast. It had the perfect amount of crust with the sweetest texture of butter, it all melted on her starved taste buds as she chewed on. She took a spoonful of Greek salad while gramps cut a piece of meat and put it on her plate. Chewing, knives cutting down the meat, 2 glasses greeted with a click sound was the best music at breakfast.

While Rimi was helping with cleaning the dishes, Gramps was reading the newspaper and then a bell rang. It was a 10 year old boy with a piece of mail on his hand, gramps patted the boy as he chuckled and opened the envelope. He exclaimed and called for Rimi “hey, will you look at this, it's perfect spot for you”. Rimi quickly came over and read the content.

“A festival on sewsred?” Rimi asked “Yes yes, it's a walking distance from here, takes about 23 minutes. It’s a tourist attraction and the food is marvelous” ,gramps explained as Rimi contemplated her choices. “Beginning at evening and 3 day celebration” she muttered
“Yay” said the young boy with an excited voice “there will be amazing fireworks and the entire district will be shimmering golden and full of dancing”. His eyes shone as he visualized the future with bright expectations.
At last, it was an easy choice for Rimi to make, “why not, I wanna see this celebration”, she finally answered with confidence and curiosity.
“Then, let this young boy, Yokoshi, take you there. He knows the way and all his cousins live there too” advised grandpa, “I must also warn you to be extra careful”.
“Ehh why?” Quipped Rimi
“The forest border is very close to the district and the police are not active there, only locals live there so it will be easy for you to get lost, and you wouldn’t want to be lost in the forest”. She nodded thoroughly.
“Alright then, I will be downstairs in a bit. Wait for me” Rimi said as she went upstairs.

From what the boy yokoshi said, the festival where the main bequests will perform is the second day from noon to late night, the first day will be with some traditional dancers and ancient folklore recited to travelers. Third day is just said to be more of packing up or resting after eating the biggest plate of rice in your life. Rimi changed herself to a casual white t-shirt with a deep green shirt, comfy black long pants and some chains with a nice watch. Lastly she put on her flat boots and carried her back where she packed some extra clothes with some travelling requirements. She was planning to be there for 2 days, go there, have some fun wandering around, eat lots of food during the second, come back before the sun sets the second day.

Yokoshi spiraled around the entire forest, diving deep into the woods as he showed Rimi the lakes, animals and his very secret spot. They arrived in the evening where it was buzzing with activity, red lanterns hanging on threads above their heads, stalls aligned at their sides and the beautiful combinations of patterns on the kimonos of people were all present before her eyes. It was quite noisy as the seller screamed for customers and groups of friends were drinking away in half broken wooden benches, children playing chase. Rimi strolled through the flurry of voices and lights.

Some children assembled in a large group and sat down dry on the ground. Before them was a stage with cardboard backgrounds. Nonetheless, the paintings were impressive as they were thoroughly detailed. Suddenly, Yokoshi beside Rimi pulled her down “do you know what this is”
“No”
“It’s the play of wederkva, the prince of glamour and what is more interesting is that carriage comes very rarely, like once every 10 years. It’s my first time seeing them”.
She looked back at the stage again and for some reason, she felt something shot through her. Like a spiraling black and white loop, her mind was dragged away from reality as she swore she saw herself in another version of reality.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The stage black, light off, everything dark. There is nothing else, hair rises from her nape, goosebumps all over, she feels the omnibus presence of nothingness, she hasn't seen yet. Thunder roars from a distance. can’t see it but feel it through the veins, your senses. The stage lights up slightly. It’s the forest. Cardboard bushes and trees, it follows a path to some unknown destination. Finally a figure appears, his back on you, long hair and a bit taller than you. Is he mad? sad? What is it? She wandered. Your hand reaches out but he is very distant. Now she starts to feel the world, from being invisible and intangible, dropping to the ground, her hand on the grassy land as her knees feel unbelievably weak, his figure standing still. Am I dreaming? The ground under her feet vaporizes and the world turns upside down as her eyes roll wandering. The spinning stops as now she is standing on the ceiling. Yes, the ceiling. The man appears again and now Rimi close to him, behind him, a foot apart, 5 inches apart, lip to lip. For the first time, her eyes widen a bit, she has a feeling of losing her authority over her body and she , very willingly, gives in. Now don’t remember any face but everything else was crystal clear, no identity for our mystery man but she saw everything. It’s the answer at the back of her hand she just can’t seem to grip. It is so obvious it frustrates her. It’s at the tip of your tongue Yet she cant tell.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Suddenly Yokoshi starts shaking Rumi “hey hey why are you sleep waking” he whined. Rimi opens her eyes and the first question is “where are we”. She was seated against a tree, the lantern lights and the festive atmosphere far away at a distance. It was quite in the wood, only the chirping of some insects and the darkness closing in on them.

“Are you for real” yokoshi freaked out “you are the one who abruptly stood up in the middle of the show and started walking here with your eyes closed”. Rimi sat up and checked her hands, a throbbing headache in wait and more terrifying than that, she couldn’t feel her back. Yokoshi had a worried look on his face as he asked “do you have some sort of mental illness or what?”. Rimi yelled out “where did you get that from huh? I'm perfectly sane it's just-“ she stopped and rethinked and concluded with “a kid won't understand it”.

Yokoshi’s face finally lost the sparkle, he silently got up and helped Rimi up. She silently followed him as he went back in front of the performance. Rimi’s back was starting to throb with pain as her head weighed pounds heavier. Through her lazy lens, while passing by the stage, she caught a glimpse of the ending. There were more actors on stage, all white, angelic, celestial, rounding the prince in the middle, fake blood painted on him as he looked through the audience and far away. Lastly, he drops on the floor and the stage curtain closes as the headlights are turned off.
The audience was obviously confused, all of them were kids and of course couldn’t contemplate the metaphorical or the deeper meaning. Even Rimi was having stars above her head trying to figure out the ending. From a distance yokoshi called on her to follow, giving a last glance at the stage, she went up behind him. From what grandpa said, Yokoshi’s had many cousins living here and his parents wouldn’t mind having a guest overnight. So that’s where they were heading.

Most of the lantern lights are now gone and even fewer people are on the streets. All the shops were closing up as the cold night descended. An old lady was sitting in the plain ground selling some screwed meat. Rimi brought out some cash and handed it over and took the paper bag of meat. That's when the old lady’s eyes opened. Her face oddly square and her skin like drenched clothes dripping on her thin bones.
“Oh my oh no, I am afraid the folklore is true. It’s alive all over again by you” she said with a hint of sadness. Rimi uttered out a “huh” in confusion.
“My child, my girl, don't lose yourself, this is not your home, you are not within the folktale but the folktale is within you.” She widened her eyes and Rimi noticed the hue of grey and blue in her shrunken pupils. “I can see the deepest strings of folktale entangled with your soul, you cannot escape its fate but perhaps you can change it”

Yokoshi yelled out again “ why do you keep on stopping in the middle of nowhere, what are you doing” he questioned annoyingly. Rimi rolled her eyes and said “I was buying some screwed meat”
“From who, the ghost” Yokoshi’s voice glazing with hot sarcasm.
“No, it was from this la-“ when Rimi looked back there was no one. Not even the package with meat which was in her hands a few seconds ago. She blinked a couple times before talking “there was an old lady here selling meat just now”
“I totally believe you” yokoshi said before resuming his walk, this time holding Rimi’s hand.






Ch : 3

The guest room was comparatively small, with a small wooden bed and cement grounding. I guess it was okay from Rimi's perspective. Furthermore, there were more grievous things to be worried about than the state of the room. Her legs wobbled as she finally collapsed on the floor. Her pelvic structure and the tissues surrounding it started to act like it was tearing apart from each other. She gripped the bed sheets as she slowly struggled to sit on the bed. Even if it was perfectly hidden until now, Rimi finally groaned in pain as she messaged her calf. She pulled up her pants and tried to ease the pain. Suddenly Yokoshi barged in with a tray of sweets in his hands, his face immediately went pale as he saw the giant tear in her legs. Rimi gasped as she quickly covered her wound “wait, hold on, I’m sorry you had to see that”

Yokoshi quietly put down the tray and approached Rimi’s leg, cautiously looking at it and asking “can I touch it”. Rimi's eyes became dots like what is he saying? “I mean I guess” she answered completely confused. Yokoshi's pupil became wider as Rimi extended her leg, he got closer and inspected the soft tissues and still very visible big scar. He softly touched the layer scabs and then pressed the soft, still-forming tissues on her leg.

“How did you get this”
Yokoshi asked as he looked up with pitiful eyes but Rimi’s eyes were still blank. “Simple, from an accident. I was going to a friend's house and let's just say I got distracted and crashed. It was a few months ago but I can walk now”. Yokoshi understood she was trying to avoid the topic so he kept on checking out till the end and finally asked “does it like hurt a lot”
“Not usually, its hurting a lot these days tho”
“Can I message them” he offered and then added “I might look unprofessional but I’m a professional at this, I have 3 older brothers and I used to message my grandpa all the time” he said with a winning smile which Rimi couldn’t say no to. Yokoshi softly messaged her leg and Rimi had to admit, he was good at it and it was helping her relax. Rimi finally decided to ask “so you have more siblings huh”
“Yes I do”
“Are they here too” “No, only me” “How come”
“Simple, my parents didn't want me”. The silence after that was a bit too long, Rimi didn't know what she heard or what she could reply. “It’s nothing to feel pitiful about, I think I am living better without them and the same goes for them. I couldn’t earn as much as my siblings so my parents said that if I can't earn I can't live. Kindly, my uncle took me in”. Rimi nodded, wanting to change the mood she asked
“Since I missed out on the show, can u tell me or give a summary”
“Oh, it's an old folktale, it's about a beautiful prince who came to visit the earth but as the story follows, becomes the prey to a cruel hunt where he is captured and prisoned. It's oddly dark and disturbing for a kids show. They were innovative and did not act any gore or the horrifying parts. Even gave a confusing ending instead of a sad one”
“Huh, cut of the disturbing parts and a confusing ending”
“Yes, the story I heard from my grandmother was that the prince meets a sad death with no love or anything. Weirdly, this time, the ending was like, he kept on wondering about his life” “Has the original story changed for the general public?”
“Could be, this folktale is largely involved with our forest. It is as if the folktale happened in this very place many many years ago in imperial time. So you better be careful because otherwise you will be cursed to live a miserable life 10 thousand times”. Rimi’s expression cringed “what now?”
“It’s the curse of the prince where he curses the people to live their worst lives 10 thousand times,” yokoshi explained while massaging her.
“This folklore goes hard” Rimi concluded
 
She couldn't imagine how hard it was for him to be away from his parents at such a young age, even doing some chores like newspaper delivery to support himself . She patted him on the bed and complimented “you're a good boy, yokoshi, you should be proud of you”.
Yokoshi quietly smiled which vanished quickly and kept on messaging her leg.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In the middle of the night, vigorous sweating occurred in Rimi's body. Her entire body was in visceral pain and she felt completely paralyzed. Like the times you feel your leg fall asleep and a weird painful sensation crawls up to your body and spreads like a fishing net. Her eyes opened in cold sweat, her breathing irregular, temperature more humid and hot. Rimi staggered to her bag and opened up some medicines, she quickly gobbled them with the water yokoshi left. In the silence, alone with her intrusive thoughts and immense back pain, she started feeling very heavy. She leaned against the cold wall and calmed down her breathing, her legs were tearing apart and her back was so much worse. Crawling up in a corner, sweared profusely, she hears children giggling.

For a moment, she thought she heard a ghost but the voice is clear, and its children multiple, laughing in unison. Scared as she was she slowly gets up with the support of the wall, tottering towards the window as her eyes widen in fear. Her confusion rises, what she saw held no logic. Children in one line going somewhere, she tried to see the path but it led nowhere except the deep forest. What type of dream? Nooo, she teared up and fell on the floor, her legs shot up with an unusual surge of pain and the heat making her feel lethargic and sticky. She kept on laying on the floor, if she just survived through the night, she would ask god for nothing more.

From the floor, she sees a golden light outside her window, faint and moonlike, silky and calm, what is it? Feeling the pain less, she struggled and got up. The man, it's there again, man from the dream, man whose face you can see now, the prince of glamour. No doubt.

Like a spirit of wind, his presence was sublime and radiant, he didn't float, he was with the wind, with a breeze he vanished into nothing. Rimi’s eyes scattered throughout the place, where did he go?
“I need your help” a voice from behind speaks, Rimi turns stone cold, blood flushing out of her face, her eyes narrowing to the man beside. The man who visited your dreams, is he real? Are you? He softly smiles “c’mon now, did I tell you to sit there and look stupid”. For the first time, Rimi feels his touch against her temple, pointing his index finger in the middle.

Nothing, nothing really. He stands there still, Rimi on the floor. No pain, no special anything. Until she puts her hands in front of her, she gazes up in horror. Why is Rimi fading? Then the spirit grabs her hands, forcing the fingers to be interlocked as he pulls you up. “Don’t fall” he says as both Rimi and he fades away.

In the sky, above the clouds, the moon was bright. She never knew the moon glow could be so harsh. The man floating just behind her speaks “pretty, isn’t it” without waiting for a response, the next scenario was the children in the dark forest. Rimi finally recognized them, they were the audience of the show before. How come? Her heart spiked when she saw yokoshi in the trail of zombie-like children. This time, Rimi appeared in front of him
 
“Yokoshi! Stop! Where are you going?” “He can’t hear you, not anymore” “What do you mean”
“ they are in the spiral of delusion, so deep reality marshes with chaos, they will continue to live wandering like stars in never ending space”
“Stop it, please”. The man gazes up “I can’t but you can” . He glows faintly, glitching in reality and out of it, “don't fall behind”. His presence paces through the woods, through the intertwined shadows of canopy and thick dark bushes. In this mushy reality, like a dark sad soul haunting the forest, Rimi, with the wind, follows pursuits. Is this what feels like being a ghost? In the deep woods, where she never knew was a large old tree and a small lake. In the darkness, the flower shone like mystery. A red flower in the ground, piercing red, fiery aura.
“Neutralize it”

Suddenly Rimi’s falls on the ground hard. Her back arches in pain and her leg cramps come knocking. She slowly gets up and the man says “pluck it out”.
She cautiously walks towards it and circles it, inspecting the flower close. It’s hot, she goes closer and grabs it and pulls it immediately. Her hands let out a burning pain “quickly drop it in the lake, hurry”
Rimi quietly speeds to the lake and emerges the flower in the lake, including her hands. Immediately the fire was out with a violent hiss. Few meters back in the forest, all the children dropped dead on their tracks and fell on the ground.
“Congratulations, You did it” said the man to a confused Rimi. “Do what, why are they all fainted”
“They haven't fainted, they are dead”. The silence was too loud, she slowly turned to the man with wide eyes, no voice escaping her throat.
“What”
“Ohh how stupid you are, do I have to explain everything. You aren’t in the real world right now. And those kids aren’t the real kids. The kids you're worried about now are asleep in their own houses in the real world, Including your yokoshi. This is inside a very ancient folktale, the one your changing”.
Then Rimi heard her name get called.
“What is happening?” whispered a small voice. It was Yokoshi’s small figure that rose from the fainted others. The man’s smile widened as he laughed out.
“Will you look at that” he exclaimed “I never expected 1 human let alone 2 to successfully travel here”

Both Rimi and yokoshi had question marks on their faces.
“Geez, I’m not your teacher. Observe and adapt” with that he was gone. But Rimi wasn't going to slide him off like that.
“Not so fast” said Rimi as she fiercely toppled on him. “Your going to explain everything” “Yay and what about all these kids on the ground” yokoshi added.
The man gave the longest sigh before he disappeared again, dancing in the air he said “I’m a spirit”. Rimi and yokoshi exchanged suspicious looks waiting for him to continue “I’m one of the most beautiful spirits, and I am from the sky. I came to earth to find my special someone, to find anything really. The sad thing is, I’m too beautiful”.

Yokoshi raised his eyebrows “stop lying, you're a 9 outta 10 on a good day” and Rimi resisted a laugh. The man frowned with annoyance, “I will not let a squirrel looking kid insult me like that” he said as his eyes started flowing red.
 
“Okay chill, it's just a kid okay. You're very cute, please continue. We are listening” Rimi said, trying to cool down the fire.
“Perhaps your beauty standards are different. But here, the earth, the timeline you and I are in, I am one of the most finest treasure” he said with
“Just tell us how we can go back to our houses and go back to sleep” yokoshi blurted in as Rimi slapped his back.

The man smirked “easy, it will happen naturally, maybe after a few weeks” “What do you mean maybe”
“One warning” he said strictly “don't do anything that will change the actual events in this world. You are here as nothing but unreal, so for your actions to have effect in this timeline means” he said adding a smile “you will die for real”. The fireflies started to rise from below, Rimi was unsure how to act, the tiny golden beings shone elegantly. Soon as Rimi was sitting against a tree watching the fireflies glow and dance with each other. The man was gone, she couldn’t even ask for his name. Yokoshi was asleep on the top branch of the tree. Rimi wandered if she was dropped as a baby for hallucinating this right now.






Ch : 4

A weird sensation, ever felt so light you doubted your existence. One of those legendary naps where you thought you were 5 years old and woke up hearing the sound of extinct birds or you saw the sky so golden you were sure it was from heaven. Ever actually slept in a cloud, passed through a wall, fly? Rimi did. She was doing it right now. The earth wasn’t there or she wasn't there? It’s obviously the latter. She stood in the sky for some time, she didn't know where she was. There was no home or apartment, as if it was another completely different place who simply just had similar qualities.

In noon, when the sun was glistening and the river sparkled with its reflection, in the same forest was the man. Yes indeed he, the mystery man, the prince, the one who brought Rimi here, a true gem. Worst of all, he knows that. Only humility can make him hotter now. In a calm stream where fresh water sprouted from a nearby fall through the small bushy forest, he was there with his clothes left beside a rock. His wet hair silky and long over his face and back, he was having a very good bath.
Rimi was there too, when she noticed a voice from a distance, elegant and charming, a luring tone of a witch, she couldn’t resist.

“We meet again” he says
“You never told me your name?” Rimi asks standing from a far
“My name” he repeats the statement while wondering to himself “ why would you need that for” he says with a soft and gentle voice.
“Well how else do you want me to refer to you?”
“Come closer” he says lowering his voice, seeming commanding. Rimi slowly dips her feet in the water and goes closer towards the stream. He motioned with his eyes ‘more’ until she was completely in the water with him. To Rimi, the water wasn't there or was but very unnoticeable. Her eyes forward, she had a hard time choosing where to look as he was currently in a very inappropriate moment. Wait, she shouldn’t be here, she hissed at herself, why is her realization so late that you can’t even do anything about it.

“My name is Kaoru, Kaoru from ancient folklore” he says with a smile, coming significantly closer, he whispers “keep it a secret” . Rimi nods, her head immersed in water except her eyes. Quickly leaning in, Kaoru leans forward which makes contact between their forehead.

Rimi finally lets out a breath, her weight felt real, she felt real, the life of colors dies as she was sucked to that reality. Her 5 senses alert, she was drowning now. Even Kaoru looked surprised she couldn’t swim, underwater her visions started darkening. Closing her eyes to die only to feel air inside her lungs again, pitch black still, but she knew she wasn't alone.
Holding her tightly as she feels a pair of lips on hers, the surface of the water lightened up as they both gasped for air.

“How is it that a woman in her late twenties can’t still swim?” Kaoru says as he helps Rimi stay afloat. Rimi's face turns red at embarrassment, she quickly releases her tight hold and tries to get to the ground. She was now feeling a heavy weight on her leg? Kaoru whistles to get Rimi’s attention and then points to his clothes which Rimi gives him.

After he was dressed up and magically dried his hair, Rimi was there smacked and a bit scared from the drowning. She was sitting on top of a boulder looking down, thinking of none other than Kaoru. How? First he appears in my dreams, proceeds to do some very lustful deeds, then he somehow gets him tangled up to his unrealism, another reality plot of his, then saves her again.
“What’s your deal” Rimi questions, seriously
“Nothing, your just unlucky” he replies blandly without interest
“No no” Rimi denies as he leaps out and steps face to face “Kaoru, tell me, what is happening. Can’t you see how clueless I am”
“Anything that happens to you is not my fault” he steps closer, his eyes sharp “remember, you're the one who followed me, even if it's semi consciousness”. Rimi chuckles “its so cute to see you defensive like that, I never even blamed you, just asked what’s happening”.
Kaoru, who grows a bit pressed, frowns “what’s happening is I am trying to have a good time but I unfortunately can’t because of someone”. He sits under a shade where Rimi follows him, his short fuse blows “geez ugly, don't bother me”. Rimi was completely stunned with a quite shocked face , she wasn’t disappointed or sad, just surprised at how bitchy he was.
“Okay my elegant utterly gorgeous prince how I have disgraced you with my poor face today, pardon me but would you be kind enough to explain your poor actions without sounding like a spoiled daddy’s princess” she says with spitting sarcasm. Kaoru’s eyes widen as he gets red “what did you just call me” he asked angrily.
“I said explain yourself”
Kaoru, getting redder and more mad each second said “stop it, you're crossing your limits”.

Rimi gives a annoyed sigh
“Perhaps but if only you could open up” Kaoru laughs “open up, open up to who, who are you”.
“Listen I’m sorry if I triggered you, I just want to understand and perhaps I could even help you”. He scoffs as he suddenly grabs her collar pulling her in with his harp gaze, “the only thing you need to know is that you must stay away from doing anything stupid and to never get involved with me” . Rimi shook off his hand from her shirt “geez, whatever. If you want to be alone so bad then who am I to intrude”. 

With that Rimi was walking away, pain slowly rises from her leg as it reaches her back to lower stomach. She slides down a tree as she tries to soothe pain. Where is yokoshi? She wanders. Thinking about yokoshi, Rimi pain starts to grow intolerable.in the corner she was hugging her legs and breathing deeply.

You're crying?, Kaoru asks. He was the one who got mad and started acting prickly, oh well whatever. It still looks like he hasn’t left despite his former rants. He leans and sits down beside Rimi. Rimi does nothing, looking down at the grass trying to silence the pain.
Suddenly Kaoru grabs Rimi’s leg, she winches in pain as she lays on the ground.
“It hurts. No matter how much I try”. Kaory only shares a sympathetic look and ponders over the beautifully destroyed piece of leg.
“This leg of yours, you love it, don't you” “Who wouldn’t love their ability to walk”
“If I am correct , it's supposed to be amputated right. I am not an expert but I can say from looking at it. You're fighting so hard to keep it”.

It’s true, it's all right, Rimi thinks to herself. No No NO NO, it doesn't, I never will. The operation lights overhead, the dark hospital room, the grey walls. No more. It’s good as none. The same old soup which even rats wouldn’t disgrace themself by having. Lastly, the bus, so big. On a rainy night in some old path when roads are slippery. It’s not my fault. I was awake. Then I was bleeding from my head, upside down, down a fall, over 69 feet. The car had such beautiful flames, you should have seen it. The orange passionate fire from the inside, the cracks of glass as it all sprinkled over my face, the feeling of hot blood trailing down. The rain slowed down but few drops still persisted and came down, the mother of nature, the soil, the small was deep, rich and authentic. My head cracked open, my eyes so wide, my face frozen, my hands laid out, my legs? I screamed, why was my leg like that?
She remembers screaming, screaming until the fire died out until the rain stopped until she couldn’t. Was the night always this black?

Tons of heavy weight fell on her head, Rimi in wherever she is now amidst her insanity, amidst life and death, whether illusion or not, whether she was crazy or not, started to grip the earth in pain.
“No” she whined “I still have a life”.
“I'm certain you do” Kaoru reaffirms and holds her hand, taking her leg into closer inspection
, he puts another hand over Rimi’s eyes. “What are you doing” she asks
“Keep silent” he says calmly so much you feel peace finally arriving at your doorstep. Peace coming in with a hug and apologizing for leaving you so much. Like all your past mistakes are now fixed, your meditation worked, your life is back on track.
“Is it working?” Kaoru asks as he is doing whatever voodoo peek a boo magic he is doing. “Yes” Rimi says looking up at the sky “the pain is somewhat better now”. Kaoru takes her hand and pulls her up “hey, not now, I want to lay down for a while”.
“No, you shall not, you must run with me” he says to which Rimi is surprised. “Run” she snorts “you want me to die” but he only laughs as he pulls her closer.

"Come on now, I promise it won't hurt you". He starts speeding up his walk to which rim is already lagging, “at least tell me where it is that you're going”. He turns back with a vibrant smile “come and find out”.
Hand in hand, through the bushes and wild flowers, the big trees with twisted hands, he kept running forward. Turning back once in a while to motivate her chase from behind. 

His hair with the wind and him smiling as he circles the tree, jumping from one branch to another to which she chases with her eyes. Rimi who was feeling magically better now was smiling as well, got on her competitive side too. From circling trees trying to catch him, Kaoru even slowed down and waited for her only to sprint on the last chance, pushing from her back, poking her head. At last he held her hands again, not sure how much they ran through the forest, he rolled down a steep valley and stopped at the bottom. He couldn’t stop chuckling and giggling, Rimi was still there and finally grabbed him.
“Finally, caught you” Rimi said to which Kaoru smirked “You only caught me because I let you”
“Which means you wanted to be caught by me,” replied Rimi as she laid down beside him. Her chest up and down, she didn't feel that tired, even felt better. Bring her leg up, she waved it midair “it suddenly feels less painful”
“Welcome to me” Kaoru says “Hmm welcome to you”

After a moment of catching their breath and looking up the cloudy sky, Kaoru finally speaks up “next time, you will fly with me”
Rimi softly sighs “sure” and Kaoru smiles. Laying down in the soft flower bed, the chilly air cooling their sweaty bodies and a refreshing aroma all over. Rimi finally accepts whatever is happening, even if it's an illusion, even if she is unreal. She is ready to be happy for once.
Turning towards Kaoru who was lost in his own thoughts peaks at her too and asks “what do you plan on doing now?”
“I was going to look for yokoshi, haven’t seen him since morning, '' Rimi said but the sound that came next was heavy footsteps. Kaoru’s eyes widen as he instantly gets up, jumps over Rimi and embraces her. Of course Rimi embraced back, how could she not, in the ground how tightly he was wrapping around Rimi brought a slight blush to her face. Then the blood in her face completely drained when she saw a terrifying figure overhead. She was going to speak up but Kaoru stopped her, she couldn’t see her hand as she put it in front of her. Must be invisible.

A troop of horses step by, a giant elephant and some people dressed in armors who surround a rich carriage. In the corner, under the shade of a tree was Rimi and Kaoru, Kaoru's face was in her neck as his hug was only getting tighter and his hand on her back which he was gripping more than she liked. Rimi did not understand much but someone stepped out of the carriage, a women in mid thirties but elegant and still a strong aura of gold and beauty surrounds her. Covered with rich, vibrant fabric fit for her royal status, sufficient accessories: a perfect balance of fancy and simple, she was striking. The soldier spread with their horses and the big elephants sat down with a thud, the queen gazed at our direction.
With that eagle stare, I gulped realizing she is heading in our direction.

The queen gazes around and sits under the shade, her face so white and a large crown over her head, it's almost hard for her to sit down without messing up her attire. Another big bulgy man is beside her who is suited in shiny silver armor and a claymore so large it must weigh tons.

“We haven’t seen him since last 5 days” the big man reports
“Then widen the search, take more men” the queen says calmly but the man eyebrows arch as he makes a displeasing face, even mad. With a deeper voice he says “I am sure the
 
queen has her best interest in mind but we cannot have all our troops searching for someone we barely know”.
The queen glances at him and gets up, her long nail clawing his neck but the man stays still “hero , I commanded you. There is no other reason. If you don't find him then you can give your head to me now instead of when you fail”. Huro only looked down as he made his way back to the other soldier. Now, in the silence she shoots a stare at Rimi then the other way, murmuring to herself “the only sin you ever committed was your ignorance of me”, with that sentence she gets up and makes her way inside her carriage.

Even after an hour, Kaoru is still hugging Rimi. Rimi wished there was a pillow so she could take a small nap as well but Kaoru has been oddly silent. She could only guess that the queen wanted him and his heartbeat against her chest had been very loud so much that she held him tighter. While he is laying beside him, his back on her, Rimi decided to touch his hair and play with the long strands. There was nothing better to do anyway. Suddenly he says “will you let me pretend to be your companion for some time”. The absurd question takes Rimi by surprise and she tries to get Kaoru face him. He slowly turns around “you wouldn’t wanna say no, I am really amazing at you know” he says trailing off, looking the other way.
“Good at what huh, show me” Rimi teased leaning in closer. Kaoru rolls his eyes as he pushes her face away “so, how about helping me for now. I can repay you later” “Geez, your really giving some high expectations now”

“Sure, let your imagination run wild” he says turning on his stomach. Suddenly Rimi’s soft expression washes away as she talks more sincerely “listen, you don't have to do this, I will help you nonetheless okay. So just be yourself with me. That's all I ask”. Kaoru appears silent after that response as he only nods to her.






Ch : 5

Yokoshi was in the middle of the festival, a different one, different from his home. Where did this large ancient castle come from, the large thick border surrounding it and colorful kites flying in the skies. Big drum rolls with sticks at the sides, flags in the air and stalls after stalls for everything. From fried meat to dead snakes to dumpling, miso soup and grilled ancient mushroom, even with sea pearl, old ladies fortune telling in tents and the lustrous dancer with shimmering silver. Wow, he exclaimed. It’s like he was in another town completely. Roads paved with stones, torches of fire but what stood out the most was the castle. Like a Chinese Palace out of a folktale, it had 6 layers and great infrastructure. The red tiles shone as did the dragon and monkey statues, the surrounding space being a sort of imperial garden with small mansions for the nobility and some temples for people. He finally understood, he remembered the exact words, he held no doubt that he was in a folktale.

Yokoshi met Rimi again at a nearby ramen place, she was sitting there beside the man, Kaoru. He was disguised now, wearing a different set of clothes with a white fox mask on his face. Two bowls of ramen were brought before them, the sweet aroma swimming in their nose, the ramen topped with eggs, mushrooms and others.
 
“No fair, I want some” yokoshi demanded
“We can share” Rimi said sliding her bowl to him “where were you all this time, I didn't see you from morning” she asked
“Don’t worry, I was just roaming around, sight seeing you understand”
“Does sightseeing include stealing toys” Kaoru asks, sipping his soup. Rimi gasps “are you serious yokoshi, were you really?” She says with an unbelievable expression.
“Wait? No” yokoshi says defending himself “I’m just borrowing them, I will return them after I finish playing”
“You could've just told me, I would’ve brought them for you” Rimi says to which Yokoshi couldn’t find a reply. Yokoshi asks himself why she would do that.
“Fine whatever, just hurry up and eat” Rimi says, giving him her bowl.

Kaoru was quiet ever since but he always kept his hands tied with Rimi. She wasn’t sure whether it was fear or just his wish, she didn’t mind either way. Seeing the view of her hand and his together, feeling someone's skin, a proof he lets you around was a good feeling.
Rimi didn’t have any coins with her, what she had was cash but that wouldn't get you anything here. It was afternoon, birds gathered chunks of food from corners of streets and more people spilled out of their homes. Delicious aroma filled the streets, foreign merchants and exotic street food with small accessories shops laid out on carpets with toys on sale for children. Kaoru was running all over the place making Rimi carry most of the stuff. First he brought ten different types of dumplings, two types of tea until Rimi complained to him to stop. Then Kaoru stopped in front of a small accessory shop. Don’t you think you brought enough of them, Rimi said, barely managing to carry all the bags. It’s not for me, Kaoru said as he picked a small pendant up. It was a blue, green and white gem necklace with gold chains and a big sun shaped symbol hanging in the middle. I think it will suit you, Kaoru said as he went back and put it on Rimi's neck. Rimi stood still until he finished, he was much closer. There, he said finishing and standing before her to see how it looked. “If I lended you some of my old clothes and jewelry, you might have fooled me to think you were good looking” Kaoru said as Rimi responded confusedly “was that a compliment or an insult”. He only smiled as she dragged her along for more shopping to which Rimi only whined.

When evening tolled in, the lanterns lit up and the big torches too. Soon, the town circle where the ground was painted with white and red to symbolize flowers and fire, started filling up. Rimi, curious about the commotion stepped in, still holding Kaoru's hand who was behind. Suddenly, a flute started playing. A sweet romantic tune like the wind takes your mind away like a romantic night where you have a hot bath with roses and Champagne .
More instruments joined in unison, a saxophone to add spice to the vanilla night, a harp and bagpipe to have you pumped up, to energize your tired soul and say, dance tonight my bird, the floor is yours. When the music struck its peak, the crowd cheered. Men stepped up and went one knee down, women squeal and swirled and the town hall was booming with dancing birds. The tunes flew in the air, the hem of the dress bloomed in circles with my hand on your waist and yours on my face. Rimi looked at Kaoru who was gazing from a little behind, what do you say? Rimi asked indirectly for a dance.
“I see no problem, can you tho? ” Kaoru asked as Rimi pitifully looked at her leg “somewhat, I can”.
“Lets go at a corner then” without providing an explanation. Rimi put down the bags at a safe corner and rejoined Kaoru who took Rimi's hand suddenly and placed them on his waist. At
 
First Rimi was surprised, a pink tint rising in her face but Kaoru firmly kept her hands in place. Kaoru’s face was the fox mask for the entire afternoon but Rimi knew he had a sly smirk right now, enjoying this. Rimi gathered her self respect and put out her act and held Kaoru closer. His hands extended and fell on her shoulders and both of them started to slowly move their feet. After a few minutes Rimi finally had it, her face was red from pure embarrassment as she decided to sprint the other direction but Kaoru strongly held out her hand.
“Where do you think you're going?” He said teasingly
“Somewhere else obviously” she said fuming with red “I can't do this, this is embarrassing, I look as if a drunk monkey tap dancing for coins on the street”. Kaoru only listened only to nod and then drag her to the center of town circle. Rimi’s face got whiter than snow, her pupils widened and her expression of despair like a barren land with famine.

“Hold on, no, nah, hell no, stop” she said quietly to not draw attention but he kept on dragging her and Rimi’s strength failed her. The music stopped for a second and picked up a new tune, this time lavish, exciting, and purely chaotic. As the saxophone rose, the drum rolled and Rimi was in circles by Kaoru’s lead. Rimi’s leg was barely there, she felt like floating in the middle of dancers and music, in the flurry of laughs, lights and most strongly him, Kaoru. Soon the space between them reduced, his face closer and closer and their feet swinging with each other in unison, hands with hands. The music ended and it was just laughs, them in the middle oddly staring at each other not knowing what to do next. Rimi was blankly staring at the fox mask as Kaoru leaned in close and whispered “there is nothing to be embarrassed about enjoying yourself, sometimes this is all you will have”. Rimi listened then, let it into her ear and to her brain making sure it safely secured in her memory cell. She needs that, there is nothing embarrassing about this.

His hand was still on her and she decided to fully hold them, with appreciation. “I’m sorry too” Rimi said to which Kaoru asked “why”
“I know,” she said looking directly at his face, “ I know you are the prince, I know you are being hunted by the queen. You just want to be free but I doubt that will ever be true as long as you're alive”.
Kaoru smiled and flicked her forehead hard “ouch why would you”. Kaoru started walking to which Rimi followed. Yokoshi was at a distance dancing with himself in the middle of the musicians.
“I know, I never came here to be free”
“Then why are you here? '' Rimi asked sincerely wanting an answer but he didn't say anything back. Suddenly yokoshi was behind them screaming, two guards pinned him on the ground and he looked at Rimi’s direction with tears forming in his eyes. Kaoru who was alert now sprinted at Yokoshi’s Direction and vanished like the wind, soon with a shocked silence, the fire lanterns darkened instantaneously all together, music paused. The fire torches cold. Few gasps were heard as pedestrians panicked and started inquiring about the abrupt situation. Rimi felt a tight knot on her legs as she dropped. Then Kaoru appeared in front of her with Yokoshi on his shoulder. Only then a mist from nowhere started to gather as the lanterns waved with a chilly air, the white cold mist started moving slowly surrounding the three. “Don't be scared, you are going home now” Kaoru said as the mist spread and formed into a small tornado closing in them, then Rimi’s vision darkened
 





Ch : 6

Rimi’s pov

3 years back, no, 3 months back. Nothing really changed, neither me
I had a car, which cost me a lot. Smooth and fast and up to the task, met my standard. I wanna say this cause I always wanted a car. My days were good, as much as good goes which is no damage or much pain. I am currently 29, yes I am old, I know. It’s not like there was a huge difference anyway. 6 years, six whole damn years, I stayed loyal. I graduated, worked, worked, worked, worked, worked and slowly killed myself. I slowly did it. I remember, yes I do. Very explicitly, very crystal clear. So much so that I vomited and bleeded. My memory is hazy, is that what doctors say. But I remember what I need to remember. After the accident before the accident, who cares.

The screen, I cried, oh no, I balled, wept and grieved watching movies. I was a bit emotional from my perspective, though my coworkers wouldn’t agree. I ate mostly canned food, sometimes took myself out and ate well. And yes, I worked. A good question, what was I working on? I was a botanist. That’s impressive, all my friends said, I got such good grades, I was the future. I was on lots of projects, I did lots of research, I was a good worker. Yay me.

On most nights, I couldn’t sleep. I don't know why. Those times, I scrolled mindlessly, insomnia. All my friends got married and had kids. I had no luck in that field, I don't know why. I did like men, even tried talking to them, failed pathetically. Then I was 29, no more attraction left. Does it end there. My life, my years of breathing and roaming. I never felt so useless.

My therapist talked to me, sweetly and caring and very intimately. I will skip her long talking session and say what I sucked in as the main point.
You're stuck on the negative side. I reflect only on the bad sides
I should do more outwork activities.
I would be lying if I say it didn't help, it did. I was relatively happier, more active. I was glad to notice the little things in life, the green grass, a sunny day, a smile on an old man, kids playing with no thought about taxes or bills. I was momentarily happy, felt like I was in my era of peace. I even got a vacation, alone, that’s pathetic but I was at least trying to make myself happy. Is being happy possible if you're alone? I would be lying too if I said I was alone, I had Diana. Though after that accident I barely have any memories of her. One night I had a dream where we were kids and skipped class to a secret spot in the garden and stole some lunch from the kid’s backpack. I know I have no more memories of her. Sometimes I feel I betrayed her by failing to remember. How many secrets we shared, how many times we went out, the silent peaceful moments between us, the silly petty arguments we had. I forgot my pain too. I saw stars that night. I saw light never brighter, I forgot who I was. I forgot 29 years. Only remembering some rare occasion bit my bit. When I told my therapies all this she looked at me as if I was not only an unsolved puzzle but a broken one too. Even if you solved the puzzle, the final image wouldn’t make any sense.
 
Your a good believer, believe in yourself and your god, my granny said

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Rimi woke up in cold sweat, out her window was the beautiful morning rays, soft and peaceful with fresh air that makes your lungs feel alive. She was no longer in the room yokoshi introduced her to, rather in her apartment she brought. How? How is that possible, she wondered as she breathed in deeply and looked at her hands. Her legs were numb and her spine was cracking as she got up. Her eyes extended to the scenery beyond her windows and into the forest. What is happening? Dried crimson blood on her hands, her heart on fire, she gazed at the mirror reflecting herself. She inclined to her reflection across the room, how could this be. The door creaked open, it was Diana. It was obvious from the red eyes and worried face and her distraught self, something bad happened.

She stepped in and hurried to Rimi and strongly gripped her shoulders, finally a few tears fell, “what’s wrong with you?” Is the first thing she asked. Her distraught face and clenched fist said more than any words could ever, “I’m sorry” Rimi said without knowing why, she should be sorry. She did something again, something her past original self would never do. How long would it take people to realize the original Rimi died and the one in front is nothing but a mere shell with fragments of memories, singing and searching for the echoes of happiness.

Diana sat down beside her in the bed and she gave Rimi a cup of water and meds. She took them without any question. After some moments Rimi asked “what happened” while looking down at her hands. She got up and leaned against the bed frame and pulled her cover, her lower back unconscious.

“I came here looking for you and the old man here said you went to a nearby festival and that I should see around too.” Diana signed with disappointment as she continued. “As I was going through the forest I decided to take a deeper look. Only to find you covered in mud!
With blood and cuts all over you and yourself in such a horrible mess!”. Diana’s eyes were furious as she kept bottled up anger to herself, Rimi replied nothing. “How many times did I tell you to take yourself seriously? You're running wild. Your not having the necessary operations needed for your leg neither are you taking your therapy sessions seriously.” She clenches the bed sheet as visible anguish rises in her face, Rimi looks the other way as she hears Diana vent. She finally calms down as her voice goes lower, now in her voice is defeat and sadness “I lost you once, I don't want to lose you again” Diana says as she puts her hand on Rimi’s. Now she began to plead as she moved her face closer to Rimi “just please” her hand more tightly on Rimi and her voice more convincing “please, why are you worried, I will take care of you. I know you were scared when they told you to amputate your right leg. You never opened up to your therapist. They are not going to lock you up, they only want to help you”. Diana forces Rimi’s eyes on her as she says “I want to help you, Rimi”

Rimi only stares ahead, Diana’s tear streaked face, worried for her. She was the best friend of Rimi, Rimi who had a life, a healthy body , a diploma and phd, the one she spent 10 years with. Some memories and dreams stitch themselves together in her head as she thinks back to everything before the accident. Why is she making such a huge deal out of this? Why is she so melodramatic? It’s not that serious? Am I making this a bigger issue than it is, Rimi thinks all night. I don't want to open up, not to Diana, the bald headed therapist or anyone at this point. She doesn’t want to amputate her leg, she will die with it.

Rimi only nods in front of Diana, to all of Diana’s wants. Diana finally comes forward and embraces Rimi tightly. “Just trust me” she says while patting her back, reassuring her that agreeing to her choices was the best course of action. All the while Rimi's eyes dig the bland wall with no hint of emotion.






Ch : 7

Lying in bed, the pain in her leg crawled up to her spine like spider drawing nets. Slowly inch by inch losing the authority of her own self. Her eyes focused on the blank ceiling, she signed. This is useless, she was going to rot either way, she at least wanted to choose to rot in a nice place. It is the next day after Diana scolded her. Diana said it was time to get serious about everything and go back to the city where all the list of operations would happen. 6 hours till now she will come and pack everything up for her. Rimi wanted to stay here for at least a month. Where she wouldn’t have to worry about living up to her past glory.

The door slightly opened and it was grandpa. Rimi tried to get up and grandpa urged her to not.
"Yokoshi told me everything" grandpa said solemnly sitting beside Rimi. Rimi eyes widened “what do you mean Yokoshi-“
“You're not that insane” grandma said, patting her head “you're not the only one to meet Kaoru either”. The dots scattered, the ret strings fell, her case was making no sense.

“Long time ago, I was there hunting in the forest. The forest was much into the wild life, the thick undergrowth and thick canopy. It was majestically canopy then. The 3 day festival began. I was there tracking a deer near a small stream, my gun pointed, I had the bullseye, I shot. The sound made the bird flee from the tree but I missed it. There was another man in front of the deer, he was patting the deer's head, comforting him. He looked straight through me, never did I feel like the earth vanished from my feet. Before seconds, his face was in front of me. I know then, all the folktales were true. The stupid stories and fake tales all in front of him. For once I understood why the queen would make all the soldiers search for him, why the kings and angels loved him. How could you not, prince of glamour. That was it. When I went back and told my friends, they stared at each other and recommended me to the nearest mental hospital.

Rimi's eyes were back to life. She held her hand in front of her as she recalled everything she went through these 2 simple days. Kaoru, the dreams, the dancing, the children in the forest. It would be wild to think it's real.

“Lets not get ahead of ourselves now, it could be that we are suffering from the same mental illness” grandpa commented to which Rimi let out a soft chuckle.
“Perhaps grandpa, who cares if it's real or not. I'm glad to have dreamt of such a beautiful thing. In my life, before my end, at least it was worth breaking my already broken leg”
 
“Now don't say that” grandpa said “ losing a leg, losing a friend, losing a job, what is life except losing.”
“Now your making that way normal than it actually is”
“It doesn’t matter, whether you lose or gain, win or fail. At the end,, let's hope that it is okay”. Rimi listened in as her stiff emotions started to break. She pulled up her blanket. She did not like that her stone cold face was starting to crack, she liked it better when her eyes were lifeless and no fault in her mask. Now her eyes were teary and her lips trembled. Why is a grown woman crying like this? Like right now? Rimi turned to the other side, the throat stuck on a rock and tears rolling down, she quietly said like a little girl with a broken voice “but I don't want to lose, I don't want to f-'' that's when her voice cracked and she gulped a large lump of that life crushing depressing feeling down her throat. Grandpa came close as she slowly put his hand on her head.
“It is okay either way” he said comforting her “your failure does not define you”.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

6 hours passed as Rimi spent it loathing on herself at the corner of her bed. When Diana came, she gathered the clothes and put them in her suitcase. There wasn't much anyway. She gently tapped on Rimi’s shoulder, her red eyes were visible and self explanatory enough. Slowly getting up, Rimi stood up with most of her body weight on her normal leg. The pain was numb now but a certain heaviness clung to it nonetheless. Diana packed everything in a hurry as Rimi strolled one last time, she went back to the balcony and breathed in that lovely scent of wind. The scenery from here as always, the soft long grass waving and the sun gave soft afternoon rays like a golden blanket. If not wrong it was near evening the 3rd day of celebration. The very end until next time where the misfortune repeats itself like history.

The door creaked open as Diana motioned for her to come. With one last glance she went back to the door, closing it. The suitcase in the back and Rimi on the back seat pondering the view outside the car window as Diana sets herself in the driver seat.
“Don't worry Rimi, after everything is done. I will bring you here over again, okay” she said looking at Rimi as she always did. The Rimi she thinks is still inside the car, only the truth is that she is long dead. Diana turns the key to start the car for it only to give out a rough cough. The car vibrates as some gas leaks out, a roar before it falls down.

Diana quickly steps out and opens the hood of the car. All the wires inside were torn and entirely an electronic mess. “What the hell” she shouts “who did this?” Diana exclaims as she looks over to Rimi, who is no longer there. “Rimi’ Diana calls out but the backseat is empty and the door completely open. Diana looks around searching for her as she looks as far as possible with her eyes. It wasn't even a minute and through the plain land, there wasn't a sight of anyone. It’s as if she vanished. Confusion and a sense of fear rises in Diana's chest. Where did Rimi go? She asks herself. More sadness than fury. That's how it always was with Rimi. Never listening to her as she floated in her own world but she cant stop worrying for her. Days after days and night after night, always there for her, years after years, Diana was there. Rimi was always somewhere else and at the same time beside her. She signs and she leans on the car. Maybe it's time I let you go Rimi, no, her Rimi is long gone. She is now up somewhere looking down on her silly stupid best friend. Diana’s eyes swell up as her heart forms a shrinking heavy feeling, a breath weighing like a flood. Before the tears appear, she wipes her eyes as she looks up.
Rimi, my best friend, I am sorry.
 
“Never will you find the same person ever again, even in the same person. A famous coat from someone. Truly insightful, poetic and even practical” grandpa says, leaning on his cane. Diana nods as she asks “you did this, didn’t you” meaning the situation of the car.
Grandpa took his time and said “yes, I had to. Not for Rimi or you. For myself. There is someone I lost too. I couldn’t find my best friend even if he keeps comes every year around now”






Ch : 8

“From all the dots that I managed to tie together, it still makes no sense but in a way it does” yokoshi says as he floats in the air. “Right now, we are inside a story. We are like living folktale , suddenly being connected to the world of imagination but again, you should never doubt the power of imagination. It is the single point of countless discoveries and inventions”

Rimi, who had a present, not very broad, had a smile on her face listened . It was a dream to be like these. Was there too much to ask for? It’s like all she ever wanted.
“Grandpa told me that he saw Kaoru too, how is that possible?” Rimi inquires with curiosity. That’s when yokoshi smirks excitedly like someone asked the question he was waiting to answer.

“Like folklore and stories, they change over time. Since the curse of the prince of glamour was eternity of torment for the ones who caused him to suffer. He wanted them to live to face his wrath every time around this part of the year. I guess that somehow included him in the process. So every time at the beginning of these 3 days, there is a Kaoru who is still oblivious but since the old curse is permanent. Every time a new version of the prince has to suffer the same consequences. The Kaoru you met and the other Kaoru that grandpa met are different since the smallest things change everything.”
“That makes no sense at all” Rimi responds “it's not I care if it makes sense or not so its fine either way”
I softly sigh, it's all like a stupid fever dream. But oh well. No harm in tearing the fabric of reality, right?
“Where is Kaoru now” Rimi asks. Yokoshi scratches his chin and recalls “according to the play we saw at the festival, he was surrounded by shining heavenly guards. If I remember correctly, he was held in the highest tower”.

At the moment Rimi and yokoshi was in a field of golden crops. In the vacant land, they both set their foot on the ground, the sky blue and limitless and the land stretching miles and miles glowing golden with the flowing current of wind. Inside the folklore again.

“I can’t show you” yokoshi said looking down “if you go that way, there is very little chance you can come back”
Rimi looked at the far distance but only the sound of wind and 2 soaring birds in the sky was present. She noticed a scarecrow not far away, sadly he was not as frightening as he used to be. The crows coming nearer and nearing, on his shoulder and wooden arms. The straws fallen and thin like dead.
 
Rimi spoke “yokoshi, I need you to go home.” With that sentence yokoshi face saddened, his eyes low and face plagued with worry. Rimi noticed that and went forward to pat his head. Her hand heavy yet soft. “I will wait for you” yokoshi said confidently , firm with that decision.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When no one was there, Rimi went up to the scarecrow.
The scarecrow head tilted to Rimi and studied her closely. From ear to nose, face to hair,
head to toe. At last he said “we are not so different, now are we?” Rimi softly smiled “we aren’t at all”.
“The stairs to the tallest tower were destroyed and the place rumbled and crumbled. Nonetheless, you came here to seek to it so I shall fulfill you curiosity.” The wooden stick of the scarecrow jumped out from the ground, shocking Rimi. “C’mon now, you wouldn’t wanna be late to it.”

So the scarecrow lead and Rimi followed behind. After a while, in a more vacant place where the grassland of golden ended, there was a long stone tower. The height behind the eyes reach, towards the clouds.

“How will I get up there” Rimi asks and that’s when scarecrow shoots a confused look. ‘“Why would you want to climb, hasn’t Kaoru already made you an able to fly with the wind”
“Yes but unlike before, there is no wind here”
“Hah I see, you shall not worry” scarecrow says facing Rimi. She blinks quite some times then responding “no no no” Rimi repeated “you deserve much more than this sorry excuse of a life”
The scarecrow laughed “don't worry , I have lived for enough and now it's your turn. Maybe you can know my story some other time. For now, farewell”.

In that moment, a strong just of wind appeared from nowhere. The straws from scarecrows body flew away, dancing in the sky. The wooden stick fell and old sacks of scarecrow dropped on the ground. A hot tear ran down her left eye.
“Goodbye Rimi”

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The wind like before carried her to the top. She opened her eyes meeting Kaoru standing on the edge. He stood stiff as he said something to himself “and thus every spring flourishes and I rain hell upon them” he paused looking at the distance “not this time, this time I will reside underneath the spring gardens.”
“Kaoru” Rimi called which made Kaoru let out a surprised gasp. His voice broken and irregular. He still did not turn around or move a inch, both his hands gripped tightly, he stood there rather timidly.
“No Rimi, no” he exclaimed “your too late, its over. They are here already. I have no escape except-“ he paused looking at the ground. Finally he turned around, his feet an inch over the edge and Rimi saw face that she never wished to witness. Kaoru eyes were glassy and teary, his face-
“Kaoru, please. I know another way” pleaded the desperate voice of Rimi.
 
He shouted this time, his voice high, clear, broken and streaming with poison
“NO, I SAID NO” he pulled the loose end of his hair tightly and his nails very clearly dug on his skin. “THEY ARE HERE” he said as he fell on the floor with cry, more tears sliding down along with his low whimpers. Rimi gazed up at the sky, a solider of light, wings spread proudly. Rimi let out a gasp, the sky yellow with piercing orange rays from gigantic clouds. Not one, not hundred but a thousand of light emitting creatures surrounding the far corners of the sky.
“Now do you understand, do you finally-“ he couldn’t complete the sentence as he chocked on his own. Rimi stood there shocked, frozen and in awe. It was weird feeling. She was scared at the same time, she wanted to beat that fear.
“Now don't get me wrong, Rimi, you were a wonderful experience ” he said with sobs breaking in between his sentences “you were honestly the best thing and I really wished I could spend some more time with you”. He looked up at Rimi’s face, a small smile in his tear streaked face “I always wanted a savior but perhaps that was just wishful thinking”.

With that he jumped, sharing one last smile and goodbye. Rimi stepped ahead but he was no longer there. Kaoru felt the world slip under his feet, the vines to cling onto and perhaps no desire of it either. The moment of death over him as he closed his eyes hoping for a painless death, a last wish he made and another apology, sorry Rimi. Close to the ground, the pain he was supposed to feel was replaced with a strong wind and with that flowed many dried straws. Kaoru gazed up and met Rimi gaze. She grabbed his hand and pulled him closer, clutching his robe and wrapping around her free hand around his waist. Kaoru's eyes widened and he was distraught with confusion. He could utter a single syllable as he was swept away. The field of gold now dried and withering. In the air and sky were the corpses of wheat plants wandering like atoms.

In Rimi's arms was Kaoru who was holding desperately around Rimi's shoulders. The soldiers came closer and in that moment Rimi smiled as she vanished from their presence.

Amidst the heavy clouds, far away from the soldiers, Rimi sat on the edge of a cloud as if it was a fluffy cushion. Kaoru's face was resting on Rimi’s shoulder while sitting on her lap, he felt her hands go through his hair. Neither Kaoru or Rimi said any words, both sinking in the mystic scenery of the bright shy moon with the veil of clouds.

“I never saw the night sky have so many colors.” Rimi said, staring at the vibrant night sky, shimmering softly with stars like it's the jewel of the sky.
Kaoru finally looked up, his eyes red and face wet. Looking back at Rimi’s eyes he asked “how? How did you do that?”
She softly touched a part of his cheek as she answered “it's a long story, I don't want you to bother with that now.”
“I never expected to be here, to escape my very end. All I knew is that I was here to suffer and die. Now what?” Kaoru asked
“It’s okay, that happens to everyone. When you don't know what to do and where to go or even why it was. It’s confusing and sad. But trust me, I know you're strong enough to overcome that. I did it”

Kaoru looked better , a little bit uplifted from his previous breakdown. That’s when his eyes were shocked again. Rimi quickly got up and glanced back, the first thought was that a soldier found them. Fear rose up as Rimi’s previous confidence was shattering. When the figure came closer that’s when the element of surprise hit.

“Kaoru” Rimi said but there was already Kaoru behind her.
“No” he said from behind “he is the original prince, the one who cursed this place to be looped through suffering for as long as the earth stands.” Rimi glanced at him again. At first glance both of them look similar but if you look closer there are some major differences. The prince standing in front had longer, silkier hair, his eyes had vibrant sea blue color and his complexion more smooth. More to note, the royal clothes of heavenly silk and his body figure were more slim, he was shining even at night.

“You're the first ever reincarnation of me that escaped my brutal fate” the prince said, his voice was deeper than Kaoru.
“Don't you think it's time, haven't we suffered enough?” Kaoru said loudly, stepping in front. The prince arched his eyebrow in question “suffer? You haven't even suffered for a week while I went through this fore millennial till I lost count”
“I know,” Kaoru acknowledged, “I can't ever imagine going through this another day. But if it's possible for someone like me to break the curse and escape, you are capable for more things unimaginable”
“It wasn’t necessarily you” the prince said looking at Rimi’s face “why did you do it. The only result for you now is either death or amputee”
Rimi breathed in as she said “Because I wanted to. There aren't many options for me to choose from. So before the inevitable, I decided to do something I really desired.”
The prince looked down as he thought it over and gazed up “the way you speak, it reminds me of someone. How foolish of me to be nostalgic. If only he was brave enough like you” the prince signed as he walked back “I have been craving some sleep for a while now. I guess it's time for me to finally rest in peace. Congratulations for achieving my freedom” he said, facing the sky.

Parts of him withered like old flowers slowly taken by the breeze into the sky. The petals flew away with the wind somewhere far away and soon it was only them. Rimi didn’t want to say it, it didn’t need any more saying. It was transparent just like her right now. This journey, these 3 days, Kaoru and this folktale were all ending. All stories must end.

“Your finally free” Rimi said “this is my last time seeing you”. Since the long ancient curse is now lifted , there will be no more 3 day celebration in the woods. The cycle ended and this is the last night of it all. Kaoru looked down not knowing what to say and that’s when Rimi lifted his face “ don't do that, now you can peacefully roam around anywhere and everywhere” “Yes,” he said “but you're fading away. I will never see you again. I'm not even real to you and nor are you real to me”
“But nonetheless, I am glad to have met you, you changed me in ways I can't describe. It’s not an astronomical impact but a subtle one. A one I needed very desperately.”

The time was unknown, it was night and soon to be day, the moon slowly erased by the tiniest of sun’s appearance. Kaoru went forward and embraced Rimi very closely. At first Rimi was shocked but then she slowly put her hands on his shoulder and relaxed herself, giving him a long lingering hug back. Kaoru's eyes were closed as he tightly held onto her but when the sun peeked through the horizon, all he felt was her absence.





 
Ch : 9

No one had an inch of sleep that night, neither Diana or yokoshi. They were seated in the living room with arms on their forehead with a worried expression. Diana's eyes gazed off to somewhere deeper and yokoshi looked up at the ceiling. Praying and praying that he doesn’t have to wait anymore. He feels a sudden thread connect with his heart as he quickly gets up and rushes to the balcony. He shouts out with glossy eyes, his heart relieved from a huge weight of anxiety now replaced with jollity
“RIMI! Rimi! Your back” he says jumping, failing to contain his feelings inside.
Diana quickly steps in and notices Rimi standing between the field of wavy grass. Diana hands clench together as she notices her eyes becoming blurry, she won't admit it but she wipes it away before any more persists on following. Yokoshi instantly races down and bursts open the front doors.

He leaps into Rimi causing her to fall backward into the ground but nonetheless Rimi pats him on the back and ruffles his hair as he helplessly cries. Diana appears in front of them, her face unreadable as always, she sits down and unexpectedly hugs her from the back. For the first time she apologizes “I am sorry Rimi” she repeats unless her friend disbelieves “I am truly sorry”.

Rimi says nothing, content yet empty, happy yet it could’ve been better. She feels grateful, having Diana apologize was a fantasy far reaching but now its here. She feel sorry for making yokoshi worry, he is still a baby in her eyes. Rimi notices grandpa looking from the front door, his face holding a question that Rimi knows. So she mouths the answer ‘he is free’. Grandpa's face changed, even his demeanor changed as he gazed up at the sky. The morning light shines in the light blue sky as a swift wind flows past through them. For a moment Rimi feels his presence before it wipes away, perhaps her imagination, she thought as she sighs.

3 hours later, Rimi was inside the car again but this time it was by her choice. “You're really sure? Huh” Diana asks putting her seatbelt
“Yes, I’ve worried everyone and getting rid of this leg might be the best option”
“If you say so” Diana says looking at her again. She attempts to speak again before Rimi cuts in “I know but before you apologize, I feel like its my fault as well for never opening up. I was acting very childish and immature for a grown woman”. Diana subtly puts her hand on Rimi, “it's my fault as well for acting so selfish, I just want to tell you that you will always be my friend no matter what”. Rimi softly smiled as she let Diana keep her hand on her.
“You might want to say goodbye to your other friends' ' Diana laughs looking at Yokoshi’s face pressed against the windshield. Rimi turns around and slides down the window.

“I will be back, so be patient again” Rimi says to yokoshi, grandpa was beside him listening as well “listen to what grandpa says and be a good boy all right”.
 
“I will, I am way more mature than you think, please come back quickly okay” he says trying not to look eye to eye “I still haven't showed you anything”.
Grandpa pats his back “wish her a good recovery so that she can visit us again and eats lots of food next time”
“Yes! Eat healthy and get well quickly” Yokoshi’s added.
“Okay then! See you people next time. Sorry for the bad start but I’m pretty sure we will get along next time” Diana says from behind.
“Goodbye” Rimi says as the car engine starts. Soon the car wheels start moving and Rimi puts her head outside the window, looking at Yokoshi’s and grandpa disappearing in the distance. She gave a huge wave as the car speed picked up. At last she glanced at the far forest, everything that happened seemed to be like a hazy morning dream. Her heart strings tied with each other and she felt that tingling pain in her heart for Kaoru. The fresh clean wind messed with her hair as she at last said with tears breaching her corners “goodbye Kaoru”.



THE END

