Sitting idly under the starry sky atop a neem tree, she saw the peaceful village snoring to slumber. Her purple saree and black hair flowed with the gentle breeze and only after a while she saw a small pool of dazzling light travelling amongst the trees. The nerves in her eyes grew and her long nails scratched the thick branches of the tree. She saw a group of men carrying a beautiful decorated dolí on their shoulders. Inside there was the refined silhouette of a bride and a groom.
A blurry film of clips flashes through her mind. 
Abused Wounded Ignited Trapped “Shakchunni”

All of a sudden she could no longer tolerate the happy wedding, the happy bride, the happy groom, their close shadows whispering to each other behind the translucent curtain veil. The men lowered the dolí on the ground and out came a beautiful woman wearing a bright red saree with intricate gold embroidery, her hands full of white and gold Bangles, her black hair adorned with gajra. She looked away from the bride and then to herself, her hideous shade of green skin, her backward feet and unpleasant face. Stretching her neck, she saw the newly bride entering the house, welcomed by the family with sweets. The bride smiled broadly as her eyes glittered. Shakchunni’s eyes shifted towards the groom who had a big smile to show his blinding white teeth, born in a golden nest, he made sure his new wife appeared like a Nobel prize.

Just wait, said shakchunni.
I will come for your eyes and never let you sleep turn your life upside down and make you weep you will search and wander
find no helping hand and ponder you will mourn and beg until one of us wins this ugly race

The bride felt a piercing gaze on her back, immediately looking back, she found a tall tree and a chilling lonely moon that illuminated the night sky in a serene soft way complimenting the neighbouring stars around it. Devotedly drawn to the divine luminescence of the moon, she smiled. She then glimpsed a black looming shadow above the tree only to find nothing as if the being turned invisible.

She walked into her new home on a trail of rose petals while leaving red footprints on the white cloth which led her to a candle lit room. It was way after midnight, the bride entered the veranda with a plate full of fish which she put down quietly like a human trying to lure a hungry kitten to eat from its hand. Gazing at the same tree, she saw a tall figure sitting on one of its branches and admiring the same moon-lit sky. How could they call her a wicked witch? Shakchunni’s expression seemed so surreal and ethereal now, gentle like a still river and sense of melancholy around her as if she was remembering a bittersweet past.
 
Before she could reach out to her and sing her an old lovely song, the ghost’s neck snapped and a pair of red fiery eyes scrutinised her. The bride’s heart trembled at the sight of her old companion, “my sweet friend, don't you remember me? We used to oil each other's hair and pick flowers together”. The bride retold past memories but the ghost only looked perplexed.

“You think you can trick me with poetry soothe me with your songs .Trying to kiss the scars you cut Mistaken you are, sweetening my past, using my story like a grand tale of tragedy save your sympathy, end your empathy Say your farewell for eternity”

Shakchunni leaped into the night sky and landed on the veranda, a dark shadow embodying her and wild stray hair covering her ugly beaten face. The bride sprinted inside her room and slammed her doors shut. Her heart racing like a horse in a war, she dared herself to peek through the curtains with one eye. To her surprise, there wasn't an agonising vengeful woman but the familiar face of her friend enjoying herself some grilled hilsa fish.
Later the bride summoned up her courage to ask, “I heard a story about a famous tortured wife in this town. Have you heard about it?”. The husband sounded surprised but still answered.

He narrated: “not so long ago, a young innocent girl was sold as compensation by her distant relative when he lost all his gold on a gamble while drinking liquor to a man rumoured to be greedy and harsh. In the beginning, the sky looked blue but then darkened like how quickly grey clouds darken the sky. Shakchunni, she was named. Thin, frail and weak. Soon her bones came and her hands dark, her eyes out and open wounds. The moons watched as her demise grew until one hopeless night, a fire blew out to devour her wholly. After she passed, each night, the oppressor would scream into the night until one day he too passed.”

The bride's heart grew heavy with pain and now she was more determined than ever to rescue shakchunni. That night, she made a promise that would soon be fulfilled. Next morning, when the yellow sun peaked and lit up the blue cloudless sky, the husband left for work with his brothers in the capital for a few days to monitor his business. This gave the bride time to think about her strategy. There was no need for a ritual or a sacrifice because sometimes companionship is all that’s needed.
After the red sun sets, the bride prepared to welcome her, lure her and soften her and remind her. She does not need the guidance of the stars or advice from the wise or the rituals by the exorcists. She needs a friend.

Later that night when the same lonely moon rose, the bride laid out her invitation. Wearing the same rich wedding dress, gold jewelry and detailed mukut. She looked to the neem tree and called out, “what a feast I have prepared, what a lovely dress I have worn, the gold I adorn, would be a shame if someone were to ruin it”. So the bride sang lines of poems filled with mockery. Shakchunni’s eyes glowed bright red and she shrieked out in jealousy. Not being able to trample her anger, she responded, “you ignorant bride, you will face the full extent of my wrath now”.
With rage, she grew taller, her legs stretched as she leaped off the tree and landed in front of the bride. But the bride didn't hesitate to leap towards her and pin her down with a hug.

Shakchunni was taken aback, not knowing how to receive this…affection. The hug grew tighter and after a very very very long time shakchunni felt peace.
Her green skin paled returning to a beautiful honey shade, her red eyes disappeared, the pointiness of her ears receding and her feet were now forward. Shakchunni closed her eyes but her friend opened them. Now she was human again wearing her silky purple saree and beautiful wavy hair.
“My friend, great heavens, your back, oh how much I missed you”, the bride said with happy tears. But her friend didn't smile back at her, past memories were returning one by one and every gruesome detail flowed at once like a flood.
“So that’s what happened”, the friend said melancholy, “it seems like I don't have enough time before the angels greet me”.
The bride wiped her own tears and smiled.

“Don't be sad dear, I know what they called you but that does not matter. History might always paint you as an ugly green cruel woman who takes the lives of happy women but I know you for who you truly are. The world will always try to tame us, label us, use us and then throw us away like trash but we will always prevail. That's why you're back. You are a captivating, sweet voiced, loving woman who desired nothing but to be loved back equally. For that you endeared the punishment you didn't deserve until you became what they call a monster. You are no monster, demon or cursed spirit, you are my dearest best friend who I know with my soul”

Bride’s dear friend smiled after a long time. She is glad that the bride remembers her for her goodness, not for the tragic things she was a victim of and could not control. She chanted her blessings to the bride, “May your kindness be rewarded and may you live as a happy woman”. Then the former shakchunni looked at the moon, her heart weighted heavily, all of her past rushing to punish her feeble mind again. So she said, “I cant keep death waiting for me, thank you, my friend for saving me”. With one last embrace and wiping away the tears of the bride, she looked back at the moon. When the bride opened her eyes again, she was gone and the neem tree never looked so lonely.
 



